Holding a knife to a kitten's throat for Facebook likes.
I came out to my car this morning, and someone stole my rim off my vehicle last night out of a church parking lot. They dropped the car and set it on frame, now the axle is warped.
This woman won a baking show in the UK. But shes a muslim, so she must be a terrorist!
My towns reaction to the Zimmerman Trial.
Kid was left outside of a daycare without a shirt or sunscreen
Fuck people who do this, especially during rush hour [x-post /r/pics]
What a terrible mother.
[NSFW/NSFL] Yes, I wanted to see a bloated dying baby on my newsfeed. Fuck you you stupid god damn fucking religious nutbags.
Students at my school made their own row of parking spots, blocking off an entire row of cars in the process.
They should stay in they're own country
Bullshit like this is being spread around Facebook like wildfire, claiming that it has dozens of studies to back it up.
A consequence of the growing anti-gay movement in France
This girl posted a video to Instagram of a harmless snake she killed. The hashtags made me rage even more.
He later made a post asking why the cops were called on him for playing with a turtle
"Not sure if you'll find this rage-worthy, but I do. He wasn't kidding, and even made comments about other people's ""ugliness"" that pointed out that he wasn't hot."
Animal torturers guilty of one of the worst cases of animal abuse in NI cheer as they walk free from court.
Red Bull now food stamp eligible (x/post r/WTF)
On a bus packed with standing people that even had to turn some people away - this guy.
Girl I went to high school with posts an Instagram going 100+ mph. Tries to defend herself in comments...
Teacher arrested for having sex with underage students. This is the reaction on facebook.
Guy thinks aiming at a puppy makes a good profile picture.
Comic artist censor himself after people bash him for drawing a white person instead of black.
Guy pissing on the seats in a Train
Cry me a fucking river (xpost from /r/facepalm)
Extremely homophobic billboard from the Military Religious Freedom Foundation.
This is the worst type of person. I considered keying it
Someone left these outside my job. Seriously, fuck people. [WARNING: Animal Cruelty]
Horse ran through a fence, owners sprayed the injuries with wound spray (!) then left it for 3 days
Anti-Vaccine poster shared by my mom's co-worker
Man spends 3 days making $15,000 LEGO statue, child destroys it in seconds
I've got the silver car...who the fuck parks directly behind someone?
Super fat dog
I don't care if you believe the Trayvon case was racial or not, This is ridiculous.
A Paris man went for a walk and found a dog that had been buried alive and left for dead. (Info and follow up in comments)
Apparently AIDS is a long term effect of vaccination.
So I walk back to my car last night to find this.... [x-post from wtf]
This woman uploaded photos to facebook of her and her husband drinking and driving with unbuckled kids in their lap.
Guess who is exploiting a child cancer victim for Facebook likes?
"""#Cheapfun"" ... Douchebags like this make my blood boil"
Haha, April fools!
Someone I knew a couple of years ago, snapping a picture with kids in the back
The seniors at my old high school did this as their senior prank. It's an english teacher's car.
It's okay lady, the world revolves around you!
I hate people.
Kid I know called the cops on some Jehovah's Witnesses
93-year-old woman after being mugged for her purse on the street in Portland, Oregon
Petsmart Mutilated This Poor Dog and Tried to Cover it up With a Scarf
Who takes a photo of someone else's kid just to make racist comments about them on Facebook? Disgusting.
Muslims in Pakistan cheering for the Charlie Hebdo attackers.
"Reddit comments on ""Act of kindness; this man reads everyday at lunch to a man who cannot."""
A texting driver ran my 83 year old grandmother off the road. My 5 year old son was in the back seat. He never even slowed down. Luckily, they weren't hurt but this is making me rage like nothing else.
Every Sign In the Rurals
He wasn't joking...
Finally received my new phone today...
Men can't hit a woman, even if she's attacking your daughter.
Nobody needs those spaces anyway, right?
Bunch of idiots blocking a highway to take photos of their cars.
Some people just TRY to be assholes.
Went for a nice drive in the countryside. Sombody left a caltrop on the road.
Gotta love the respect for other people's hard work at my school
"This shit pisses me off. The entire facebook community for this guy is just awful. ""Hes too sexy to be a felon, free him"""
Someone placed marshmallows around a dog park that were laced with anti freeze and screws
Found this on my facebook newsfeed. Because apparently friendship = cheating
People getting messages and using their phones in cinemas are one thing, but fucking flash photography?!
So...beggars can be choosers? (x-post from r/pics)
This clickbait
"""Okkk Good ! Cigg's are discusting."""
Who cares?
"People that think this is ""cool"""
Yesterday some scumbag dragged this dog down the road for miles, then left it for dead in the ditch. The vet was unable to save it. They said its pads had been scraped off, it had bones protruding from its body, it's tongue was severed, and it's jaw was broken.
Using a cancer ridden child to get Facebook likes
Why must people do this to a school?
An old schoolmate of mine posted this.
"Muslims in Netherlands want Sharia Law. ""Freedom can go to hell."""
While leaving the park today, some asshole through this out his window INTO the park. I pulled over and picked it up. What a fuckhead.
"Memorial page for dead teen is hacked by ""Anonymous"""
Brain of normal infant vs. brain of infant born with fetal alcohol syndrome
"""We'd rather be fat on benefits than thin and working"""
Holy shit this is terrible...
What possesses people to do this?
"Girl thinks researchers already have the cure to cancer but are hiding it because of money. Urges everyone to ""wake up"""
Some people think it's acceptable to park on graves
My husband put this sod down late last week.
"This girl just admitted to hitting a car. It's okay because she said ""Sorry."""
The paparazzi chasing after a pregnant, crying Zooey Deschanel
My Friend's Roommate Situation in College.
Cop pepper spraying a kid
This is why people hate cyclists
Goddamn fully closed pistachios...
Seriously...who does this kind of shit?
Are all these seats are reserved? (x-post from /r/pics)
Tea Party's Violent Homophobia
This is how the Ringling Brothers Circus train their baby elephants.
4 spaces?  Really?
A Whataburger was left trashed by fans after a football game between two rival high schools on Friday night.
As a Ukrainian, This Enrages Me. Sellouts at FIFA Accepting Crimea, as Part of Russia.
"small child at large main road intersection on a ""hoverboard"""
If you dump your household rubbish like this at the side of the road or in the countryside, then fuck you (x-post /r/pics)
x-post from /r/pics ...not sure why, but this really made me angry.
If you do this, then fuck you...
This was set up on campus today.
Someone in Seattle has been throwing pieces of meat filled with rat poison for dogs to eat
This is a new low, even by FB spam standards
That didn't take long.
It's ok lady. Feel free to walk your dogs in the middle of the damn road.
I'm sure that's not going to affect your baby.
This pisses me off. Kid parks bike in handicap spot.
This betta fish is just sitting in the Wal-Mart returns dying for no reason.
An international group of scouts picked up more than 10,000 kilos of plastic off this beach in the Philippines. Here it is a few months later. No it's not washing up, the locals are just littering.
This makes my blood boil.
So this was on a girl snapchat story after a couple of drunk snap at the bar...
I don't care what you think of police a human life has been lost.
Husband drops dog miles from home while wife and kids are gone, lies about it for days. Dog still missing.
Guy on my Facebook constantly makes hate-filled posts like this.
Ilerminaty
These ignorant comments literally make me want to vomit.
I'm honestly not surprised at this point.
Why do people feel the need to ignore the death of 6 million innocent people for their stupid propaganda?
Target Playdate (x-post from /r/childfree)
Found this beautiful boy this morning. Someone broke his leg and burned him last night. People like that make me sick.
Some people should not allowed to kids or guns if they're this fucking stupid.
When I asked him politely to repark so that I could park, he not-so-politely refused.
People are fucking shameless- Boston Marathon forward I received today.
My neighborhood has a soccer field and a baseball field, which we pay to maintain for the kids in the neighborhood. Some asshole decided it would be fun to do donuts in the field with his truck, and destroy the entire field for everyone.
She does shit like this constantly and gets angry when she gets pulled over
Endangered whale shark caught illegally by Chinese fisherman being driven to market
Pregnant girl doing meth right outside some guys workplace.
I still don't know why this is somehow acceptable
Chinese kid carves his name into the wall of the Luxor temple in Egypt
Recycle!
Help the alligator by throwing coins into its habitat.
Infuriating false equivalence: Planned Parenthood = KKK?
Of all the god damned places my sister could've put her gum..
The worst kind of people
Irresponsable Bikers block a Highway (causing a huge traffci jam), under a bridge during a storn to protect themselves from the water.
What the fuck is wrong with her...
Ray comfort...you piece of shit
Woman at gym makes fun of obese male trying to lose weight, photographs him.
As someone who knows plenty of men fighting cancer and still being productive; this is what made me rage today.
Someone killed this Walmart's betta fishes by painting them all with nail polish
Bronies name their kid after an MLP character.
Lady sells kittens on the street
Cancerous Memebase cover photo. (the comments are just as bad)
"A local religious hate group started posting the license plate numbers of every car they see at strip clubs, gay bars, sex shops, and any other place they deem ""sinful"". In the past, they have found people's places of work and called to let their boss know how they spend their free time."
My friend's snapchat story. Notice he's driving 70 mph...
This poor dog was found on the side of the road frozen solid. Some asshole left him to die in a snowstorm with his cage door locked.
"Fat guy posing with lion he ""hunted"" and killed."
Just nutted on some bird
People in Dubai NEVER give way to an ambulance, If only it was THEIR dad in there dying... fills me with rage.
Some shit for brains took his French Bulldog to Coachella this weekend.
He even put a filter on it (xpost /r/cringepics)
Two girls feel entitled to jump into random cabriolet
For those who have yet to see this...
One Step Back for Gay Rights
"Poor dog was wearing a collar of broken bricks to ""make it stronger"". Destined to be a fighting dog :("
But John, Why Don't You Like Your Roommate?
This douchebag in the lifted truck parked in my carport that I pay for every month.You'll also notice they parked too close tomy neighbor's car so they can't get in on the driver's side.
Some sick fuck just hit this dog multiple times with an axe
daily fat acceptance/ fb rage
Disrespectful twitter user posts fake picture of a dead Robin Williams to garner RTs and Favorites
Not as rage inducing as some other posts here, but Some asshole shit in this guy's helmet while he was in the grocery store.
A friend of a friend got Ian Watkin's mugshot tattooed on him. (Was told to post this here instead of cringepics)
Advisor to Turkey's Prime Minister kicking a protester after the mining accident that killed 282 people
When I first saw the banner I thought my eyes were deceiving me. Who even thought of this horrid idea that supports these behaviours?
Taking pics of speedometer and posting to FB while doing 70mph, tries to justify it with more reckless driving antics
Jim Carrey's latest anti-vax tweet
A black female student at Grand Valley State U. found racist slurs/death threats on her whiteboard attached to her front door. Following an investigation from both the school officials and the police department, it was found that the threats originated from the student herself.
"Some idiot brought their dog to a rave. Apparently ""noise cancelling headphones"" is enough to stave off the pain of 120dB+"
"""Rape preggers"""
fucktard from r/trees puts fawn on a leash
In reference to hip-hop
"""Little basshuggers"" -- Don't take your kids to an EDM concert, and definitely don't destroy their hearing because you think it's cute."
This idiot on one of the groups I'm part of thought it would be funny to stick his newborn 3 day old baby under intense leds for saltwater reef tanks.
My coworker came outside yesterday to discover that his wheels had been stolen in the office parking lot.
Mexican-born NASCAR driver wins pole position on July 4th, hate rears it's ugly head
My 80yr old uncle's face after his own son ambushed him on his way home from church then beat him with a crucifix.
Noticed halfway through trying stuff on...
"Not sure if its a repost, but I came across this ""conspiracy"" today."
Dublin Pro-Life poster parked outside Rape Crisis Center
There's literally a garbage can 3 feet away. How are some people so lazy?
[NOT RAGE] Update on the obese man that people from /fit/ laughed at while he was dancing: a group of females on Twitter managed to find him and are throwing him a dance party.
"""Thank god I wasn't murdered at Sandy Hook"" (x-post from r/cringepics)"
I spent all last summer growing my own pumpkins from seeds. One morning I woke up to this, all 6 pumpkins smashed. I cried for an hour because I was so excited and proud of them. It has been 1 year since and it still makes me rage every time I think about it.
How can you even put these two in the same category
The best way to ruin a perfectly good car
Shitty pitbull owners dog attacked mine while on a leash on a walk. Hers was not.
Car Seat, Babies Don't Need Them Right???
It's Lavish Bitch [x-post from /r/cringepics] 
the amount of tourists who have carved their names into the top of the Great Pyramid of Giza
Smoking while pregnant
First Indian Miss America...must be a terrorist.
The 'Professional Homeless' make me rage
Fucking Christ.
These tinfoil-hat hippies that think cancer is just for profit.
"""Like in 3 Seconds"""
Scumbag taking advantage of the blizzard
How do we stop this? 
Some kid killed the bird nest under my deck
Somebody thought it'd be hilarious to lob a massive rock through my rear window.
These kind of people are the worst (the girl that posted this, that is)
Dog's face blown out by firecrackers last night
Vandals did this to a cemetery in my hometown. Rage and heartbreak.
Fox gets euthanized with no proof it did anything.
Someone in Alabama shot and killed a bottlenose dolphin with a hunting arrow. [x-post r/wtf]
A FB friend becomes a marine and takes arrogance to a new level
Saw this shit on facebook
Because as an enforcement officer, you want to hurt people
I fucking hate it when people do this.
My friend had her car stolen on the weekend. They got this photo from the police today.
15 year old on facebook, yes, that's his daughter.
Underage drinking, while driving on the highway, and not watching the road
A Shiite Muslim has his child gashed with a knife during a Muharram procession ahead of Ashoura in Mumbai on November 3, 2014
Spotted at my local WalMart. Of course he didn't have a handicap placard.
Going the same speed for miles
"Regardless of whether you think she's attractive or not, posting a photo of her to a public account and bitching is maddening, and the responses are sickening. Unfriending the moron who ""liked"" this"
Glossy flyer ad melted onto my car window.
Shipping 101: Don't drop heavy things on $3000 packages
"So this lie has been getting attention on FB to get people to support war on Syria. The ""Good Friend"" is Dusty from MOH Tier 1 released in 2010."
We can breed child molesters faster than rats, right?
Extremely insulting picture, pisses me off.
asshole police officer pepper spraying a dog with pepper gas in Brazil [x-post from r/pics]
Don't Litter (xpost r/pics)
Yes, it's a real brand of shoes.
People who post things like this are scum.
Vet of the year.
"My younger brother does this every time he uses the bathroom. Every time I call him out on it his response, ""Whatever."""
This female turtle was found beaten at a golf course in Wisconsin. She died two days later from blunt trauma. (x/WTF)
"Parents letting their children play on the ""Vietnam Women's Memorial"" Right in front of Veterans[xpost r/pics]"
Three puppies were found inside a well full of tar
A contributing factor to the already record-high death toll
Sickening attempted murder
If you do this, then seriously fuck you! My morning commute took 20 minutes instead of 5.
No hands bong tokes doing 110km/h on the highway, and yes its the driver
Israeli teen harassing elderly Palestinian woman.
#holocaustmemorial (X-Post /r/trashy)
"This is a crosswalk button. The part above the button is used for blind/deaf people to ""feel"" when they can cross the road. Some asshole put gum all over the panel where people have to touch."
Fuck this bitch and her cruel stupidity
A 10-month old stray puppy was found alive with duct tape wrapped critically around its neck.
My friend's Grandpa just posted this to Facebook... I can't believe people are actually like this.
Instagram feed of drunk driver that killed a cyclist is full of photos of her bragging about drinking and driving.
"The things people will do for ""likes""..."
Yeah, it's just like 9/11
Lucy, an American Staffordshire Terrier, was abused and used as a breeding bitch: she had her jaw and nose broken so badly that the injuries are still blatantly visible today.
Stealing a small child's bike and running way with it? OMG SO FUNNY XD
Racist doesn't realise that Apu is Hindu
Shit like this is infuriating.
My aunt never walks her dachshund, he has become a glutton.
Maximum share-whoring on FB
Facebook post
Take that down
Circus monkey being 'trained'
A few pictures of the smoking area where I work.
addiction is sad
Found this on Facebook. The comments are just disgraceful
I don't play any instruments and I'm pissed
Who the fuck does this??!
And they want respect for him
Ugandan children hold sign showing hatred of homosexuality
I know it's a common thing to see, but damn, it really drives me mad.
Bangladesh: Police assault on child worker striking western clothing factory for wages and conditions(x-post /r/pics)
Who does this?
"My friend calls it the ""We don't want to have careers post."""
Some people just don't respect property of others
Girl bragging about guy giving her flowers stolen from someone's garden.
This is disgusting.
these assholes were just standing there eating icecream
This guy thought it would be alright to park like this in a movie theater parking lot with almost zero parking spaces.
"Anti vaxxer chiropractor with newborn he just ""adjusted"""
Baby Swing in City Park Rigged with Fishing Hooks attached with Fishing Line
Comments on a vine of a 4-5 year old girl goofing around saying she wants to be famous.
I want to do that fake spray paint prank on her....
Underage drinking, while driving on the highway, and not watching the road
She said that she was driving drunk, then hit someone and fled on foot, leaving her car there. Apparently they impounded her car and a cop showed up at her house with a warrant for her arrest but she somehow wasn't arrested. She's honestly the worse person I know and none of this surprised me.
that's y I stole this hat bitch!!!
My new apartment complex has marked assigned parking, and free unmarked parking. I chose the middle spot and got towed...
Girl I'm friends with on facebook got caught stealing a shirt. This was her dad's response.
Greenpeace sets protest banner next to ancient Nazca lines. Damages the site in the process.
"Apparently, Africans who have no access to clean water ""just want everyone to bail them out""."
"""Rolling a joint at 60mph"""
Some idiot tossed a can of soda into the World Trade Center memorial reflecting pool.
These people pouring alcohol into a fishbowl.
"The "" Freaks Only"" Facebook page - the king of rage-inducing ""Like if"" pictures ( set of images )"
These posts just annoy me so much, they're so rude.
Self-proclaimed member of Anonymous/illiterate edgy preteen threatening people's personal lives, doxxing people and DDoSing, etc. because he was banned from a video game website. As a long time 4channer, this shit really is pissing me off.
Divers find cat locked inside cage, left to drown in the ocean
"I'm so sick of these horrific images showing up on Facebook....and the idiots who ""like"" and share them. Enough."
I just saw this facebook post equating vaccination to rape.
Traps for the bikers, a growing problem in Spain (+info and an accident with a trap in comments)
I pay $80 a month for this shit, WTF?
A guy I know keeps trying to make himself a meme...
This is on the front page of r/atheism
"I gave this to my kid. I feel like an idiot for not seeing ""This shit doesn't work"" warning in the top left corner."
I've seen lots of fucked-up shit on the net, by this is the most rage-inducing thing I've seen since NEDM.
Oh yeah, That'll show them!
"(X-post from /r/wtf) ""This dog was rescued today. His mouth had been tied with duct tape for several days."""
If you want to avoid wanting to smash your computer, I'd recommend avoiding corporate facebook post comment sections today. Some people really hate Gatorade today.
Someone have been throwing these into water of popular swimming beach near my home
Keep your brain-dead, bullshit, facebook, life philosophies off other people's art.
Not only did he have no handicap sticker, he was also blasting Pitbull for everyone's enjoyment.
"""Only white life is protected in America"". Zimmerman isn't even white."
What we'll get when Comcast wins Net Neutrality. First time using Xfinity TV; I'm in a unique position being on the same physical network as the media servers Comcast uses, and this is how [bad] it looks. Stunningly abysmal. ISPs must be reclassified Title II.
I serve along side this man in the military.
This showed up on my Facebook feed. Note the speedometer.
They duct taped the pacifier into their baby's mouth.
This classy lady got her welfare card tattooed on her forearm [x/cringepics]
Seeing this shit on snapchat
Tattooed idiot shows of his food stamps fraud
Yes, this is EXACTLY how due process works.
I really hope this girl isn't serious.
Someone is starting to this to students bike seats at Oxford University
At the movie theater. Who does this?
Baby for sale, guaranteed white so don't come at me cheap (x-post /r/trashy)
Saw this in a brochure-display when I went to the chiropractor today
Because I'm a good Mom
A tool you can talk to...? (x-post) from /r/cringepics
Throughout the year this teenager uploads many videos of him making school threats and abusing his dog by slapping, punching, and even shocking her with an electric fly swatter.
Remember the video of a shelter worker dragging a dog down the hallway? Well, this just happened at the same shelter, Hesperia Animal Shelter. A dog bit off its tongue due to improper handling for euthanasia. Warning: extremely graphic animal abuse.
"Someone intentionally set this ""Little Library"" (a free book exchange for kids in a neighborhood near where I live) on fire last night."
Restroom at Sonic Drive-in. [x-post from /r/WTF]
I can't think of a worse way to secure your dog in the car
What is really scary is how many likes and shares this has
I hate these pages
Fuck you, Best Buy
"""Which coward shot my dog?"""
The worst response to tragedy I've seen...
Child molestation isn't as bad if the priest is young?
79 year old man comes home to find his new neighbor has blocked his driveway with concrete blocks. Link to story inside.
"I can't believe stuff like this is still being peddled around. Endorsed by ""Reverend Peter Popoff."""
'Asking for it' - posted by the official 9GAG Facebook page.
What is so good about Breaking Bad?
Posted a Scumbag Steve last week about my brother getting my car stolen. They found it, drug addicts really piss me off.
my landlord installed a lock on my thermostat and set it at 64 degrees. we live in central Illinois in a 100 year old not so well insulated building.
Seriously
Classy as fuck. (x-post from /r/cringepics)
MLP Tankman photoshop (and comments)
Live ammunition embedded in bonfire wood. Set to be used next day. Story in comments
worlds best mom?
Guy steals veterans gravestones to build make the floor of his deck (x-post /r/wtf)
Facebook Whoring at its Finest (Graphic/Disturbing Content)
"Woman tapes dogs muzzle shut ""as a joke"" to stop the barking dog"
9/11 Happened because Abortions
Scumbag rides through traffic with his dog tied to the back of the bike. It was heavy traffic and the dog was terrified.
Her display picture is the ultrasound.
Fuck you, Africa. Start working harder and you can have a pool too.
Someone is actually trying to pass this off as a Gary Oldman autograph on eBay.
A sad cat
Abortion (x-post harrypotter)
Mother posts child sleeping in tub
A post with +200 in r/atheism 
Call of Duty caused the shootings
Maybe I'm being irrational, but this makes my blood boil for so many reasons.
I was told I should post here, my friend is Jewish and he found this spray painted on the side of his car along with slashed tires.
This popped up on my Facebook feed after the recent Terrorist attacks on France
The parking lot was full, but it looked like there were two open spots driving through, everybody raged.
Tattoo Snob Rage
I said Darwin
I don't think this was meant to be supported...
This came up on my Facebook News feed.
Oh no they didn't!
Kylie Jenner posting anti-vaccine comics on her Twitter
She has 2 kids waiting for her at home. She does this 3/7 times a week. Xpost from r/cringepics
A classmate of mine tweeted this and it got 21 favorites..
News van parks in front of hydrant during fire to get better story
This is fucking disgusting. Some people need to be neutered
Donald Trump's son after a big game hunt
Graffiting a dog (X-post /r/mildlyinfuriating)
He's a very knowledgeable individual when it comes to politics.
How my uncle found his car this morning. Didn't even have the decency to leave a note.
Sensationalist Facebook user bullshit at its finest
I was shopping for my little cousin when I noticed this razor. The sales associate told me someone was scattering them all over the store.
3rd dog I've found abandoned at the plant I work at since starting in March.
I cannot believe one of my friends actually posted this.
The toll of the anti-vaccination movement, in one devastating graphic
What an ass
My roommate stole our snow shovel and went to a friend's house, leaving me with THIS.
Pervy Turkish guy sleazes all over kids at a holiday resort
My friend, who recently started driving, posted this picture on his Snapchat story. He's only 15.
Insulting a Medal of Honor recipient.
Saw this on Whisper. I hate people like this.
"New at my work, ""Indie"" hair products, hashtag denotes firmness of product."
Mom takes selfie while driving on highway, child is not even strapped in.
"This facebook page sellings ""Healing Crystals"" that can cure diseases..."
This kid posts Instagram photos daily of him spending his parents' money.
I suppose killing a living being because it is inconveniencing you makes perfect sense if you're a nearly illiterate bitch.
Behold the 'damages' that cost myself and my two roommates 930 of our security deposit...
"People are infuriating. Lady keyed my car for accidentally taking ""her"" spot in an uncrowded shopping center. How is that a rational response?"
When people treat their dogs like this (x-post r/wtf)
Don't worry man, wheelchairs can just pop the curb.
TEXT. (x-post from r/facepalm)
Another USPS fail...
Girl steals an iPhone then brags about it on Instagram.
"This guy on facebook is not a troll; His words as quoted ""An 18yr old molesting an 11yr old isn't what i'd call being a pedo and 25 years is a way too long sentence"""
Owner brings dog to shelter in worst possible state, and gives biggest lie ever (NSFL seriously!)
Game 7: Heat VS Pacers, Justin has a bodyguard STAND behind him the whole game
Someone has to clean all that up
If you do this, you're an asshole.
Is that a naked baby on your wall?
Some punks have been smashing people's windshields in my town. This happened to my friend's car right outside my house.
The epitome of selfishness
Vandalism of a war memorial near my college.
"TJ Lane, the convicted Ohio school shooter, wears a t-shirt with the word ""Killer"" written across the chest. He was sentenced to three life terms today. "
No it fucking doesn't 
"One of my friends has a bad habit of sharing things from ""Uncle Sam's Misguided Children"" and this is one I saw on the page......."
Demonstrators in China beat an Akita dog in anti-Japanese protest
14 year old girl beaten in a Springfield, MA middle school. School refuses to punish boy because their disciplinary records show that they need to bring down number of consequences against students.
AT&T's Twitter account using 9/11 as an opportunity for an advertisement
It's been there for hours now. Fuck my neighbours.
This guy was blasting his music so loud the people in the car behind him had to cover their ears. He opened his door and yelled his order without turning the music down. After that he reversed into the car behind him. (Story in comments)
I saw this in my fb feed and I had no idea this bullshit happened
Seriously, FUCK all of these news sites that post this crap
Popular Vegan Facebook Page Thinks It's OK to Firebomb a McDonalds Because, You Know, Meat is Murder or Something
Owner of the century gives his dog a tattoo and swears it's the coolest dog in the world. Rage follows.
Misinformed idiots will believe anything put on Facebook
People who let their kids do things like this to animals
People moving out of the dorms take their trash all the way to the trash room but leave it in front of the chute. The entire floor now smells like low tide
FB user steals (and alters) a submission from /r/WTF about debt to whore for likes and shares.
ISIS Destroys 3000 Year-old Assyrian Artifacts in Syria
Someone broke into this horse rescue and stole ALL of their equipment, including their truck.
If you've been horribly raped and get pregnant, you're wrong for wanting an abortion.
"""I make money eazy im smart like that"""
Thanks UPS, I like my computer getting crushed.
*WARNING: WALKING DEAD SPOILER* Thanks NPR, thanks for that warning...
Smoking meth is cool
Every. Fucking. Year.
People that do this after camping. (x-post /pics)
This is how I found a car parked...
So this picture of the dead Glee star is going around. (He's Canadian, mind you.)(x-post from r/cringe)
"Facebook ""test"" to see what kind of mental disorder you have. Yes, let's just make a game of it..."
"This Marine's service dog Axel was illegally denied the right to board an American Airlines flight. Even though he called ahead and had flown AA on the way to pick up his award for ""Service Dog of the Year"" at the Hero Dog Awards."
Snobby rich girl from my school just posted a picture of this.
Radical feminists steal $2,000 worth of calendars
Korean fundie Christians terrorize a Buddhist temple by spray painting on the statues and breaking stone buddhas
No, I'm pretty sure it was your idiocy that killed the turtle.
Worst parent ever
So, the color of the car crash victims is relevant?
Indonesian smuggler hid birds in plastic bottles
Inconsiderate drinkers trashed this campsite in Arizona
"Someone spray painted ""hot dogs"" on a few houses in my town for no reason at all."
Student stuffed her cat into a plastic bottle for 'transportation'
Lady kills neighbors dog; brags on fb
This is like slapping the Janitorial staff in the face.
Working in a movie theater, people's laziness has reached a breaking point.
Girl complains about getting wrong iPhone for Christmas (Karma in the end)
Everything that comes out of this girl is a pile of putrid, shitty vomit. This was the final straw.
This was in the bathroom at a local highschool today
...and then they got out and walked into the store
But really, who the hell are these people?
Spotted in Mumbai: Taking vandalism to the next level... (x-post from /r/India)
"High schoolers litter school with garbage and bunnies/squirrels/mice they killed as a ""senior prank"""
Not the most rage worthy, but who does this??
We want a puppy! The shit people do to get Facebook likes
Advertising for a free dog at its finest. (x-post /r/WTF)
This is what really bugs me.
It's 35F outside and they decide to sell their puppies, only at Walmart...found in /r/WTF
I don't even know what to say...(rest of post in comments)
"Maybe not as heavy as some of the stuff posted here, but the ""pet expert"" white knights on youtube piss me off."
"A ""friend"" of mine keeps posting pics like these. Starting to piss me off."
My friend woke up this morning to find her black cat had been killed by some despicable human beings.
All I see is swag
Mum lights her toddler's cigarette (x-post from r/wtf)
Girl who goes to my school just posted this on Facebook. She has her own car, but begged her dad to let her drive his new one.
Saw these classy able-bodies ladies take the last three electric scooters so people who actually needed them couldn't use them...
Seriously, what the fuck.
Woman hangs child over subway tracks to grab fallen charger
What would possess someone to do this?
Glorifying terrorism
Marineland's obvious neglectful treatment of its animals.
WTF is wrong with people!!! (x-post r/wtf)
I recently learned just how big of a scumbag my friend is.
Stupid rich Seniors at my high school TP and egg the entire school at 3 am. Janitors spend entire day cleaning it up
All Because He's Handsome
200+ headstones spray painted by vandals (x-post from pics)
The hypocrisy of these teen pages is ridiculous
Can You See The Problem Here?
Bill O'Reilly
If you let your kids do this... FUCK YOU
These assholes blocking a highway in order to take selfies with their cars (x-post /r/WTF)
I'm sorry you had to witness hardworking people studying.
Peachy Printer post the house that was bought with backer money
This is what happens in FL when you run as a Republican and happen to be black.
Coming back to my parked car like this...
This guy steals content from the front page of Reddit and claims it as his own all the time (x-post from r/cringepics
Despite her illness..?
I am so disgusted
Yulin Dog Meat Festival
Smokin with my baby (x-post from r/cringepics)
Found this store on the Jersey Shore boardwalk.
I'm not anti-religion, but I think I'm becoming anti-people (X-post /r/atheism)
trust me, they were not handicapped
My brothers wife was cheating on him while he was in Iraq. This shit pisses me off to no end.
I need feminism because men aren't psychic! [X-post from /r/TumblrInAction]
How to immediately lose a follower
I got this as change at the bank. No other store would accept it.
Bulldog breeder has been photographed twice hauling dogs in the back of an unsafe pickup truck in thunderstorms (with an empty passenger seat) and couldn't care less about being called out on it. [More in comments]
This pisses me off.
"""So Sorry"" guilt campaign"
"""The only cure for Islam"""
using people's faith and misfortune for likes and shoutouts
wanna smke some weed [FB]
This cat in Morocco had his lips sewn shut allegedly by a sorceress
This makes me sick. 
Monsters
Neighbor of redditor starves his horses (xpost r/WTF)
Girls Grindr account for a sassy gay best friend
This is the worst, most disrespectful, disgusting attempt to get people to share an article I have ever seen.
Man proposes to another Man at Disney World = Comments full of rage material 
True Emos...
Vandalized runestone in Sweden
Driver hitting the bong while the passenger holds the steering wheel of the car
"""Tough guy"" takes on a cat."
These Facebook pages are getting out of hand...
guy is thankful he has a disabled family member so he can use the handicap parking pass
So its the twelfth of july tonight so the Loyalists in Northern Ireland are burning the Irish tricolour. X-post /r/northernireland
[NSFW] Local girl just posted videos on her snapchat story in which multiple people are torturing a live turtle with blowtorches and an axe.
"""I'm thankful for all of my siblings!"" - Josh Duggar of 19 kids and counting"
My problem with conservatives... them trying to find proof that Obama hates America.
Girl from tumblr got a James Holmes tattoo. For those who don't know, James Holmes is the guy who shot a bunch of people at the Dark Knight Rises premiere. (X-post from /r/cringepics)
Rich kid wants 100k likes for a brand new car.
This is the punishment that a 6 year old boy in Oregon received for being late after his mother's car wouldn't start.
Typed 'tombstones' into Google Images and came across this picture. What the fuck, man?
In my house it usually falls to me to do kitchen cleanup.
Jerk from facebook bragging about skills
Just got hit by a drunk driver that fled the scene. Awesome.
Anti-Nationalists in Germany have been stealing German flags (modern version) from people's cars and replacing them with a sign.
Saw a film at a tiny mom and pop cinema. The people on my row heckled, made fart noises, played with their phones, and walked out laughing before the end. They were adults. This is the mess they left...
Do not bend
"How can people be this fucking retarded? (iPhone 6 ""Testing"" competition from ""Apple Inc"") (37,000 shares)"
Selfies with the homeless...
My front window, one of dozens in my neighborhood, f*cking hooligans.
I moved in at the beginning of second semester. None of this is my mess. This is precisely why I want to live by myself.
This girl's reaction to getting called out for posting a picture of herself drinking, smoking pot, and driving (pic included) I can't even...
Woman jokes(?) about 9 year old kid.
I need feminism because women shouldn't be punished like men for crimes...
He had another picture with a rifle to its head.
Medical science student here -- I have NO tolerance for propaganda. This is a 21 week old stillborn not an aborted fetus.
Woman posts image of herself choking cat on Twitter
So they're building a new synagogue in germany.
Found on Instagram. Girl posts image taken from news article about a fatal car crash, then fabricates story in which she helps the victims.
Left at a restaurant in my hometown...
I think I know why her car is so messed up.
Kids goofing around at inauguration vs small child saluting dead father - how do they compare?!
This fucking Guy parked behind me and went inside for 25 min, leaving me stuck the whole time. When confronted about it says 'fuck you'. What a cunt.
Owner of burned Arcadia dog wants her back: link to story in comments
Actually made me feel genuine rage
Update on the cat that had boiling water poured on him
Almost everyone in my school this Christmas... [X-post r/facepalm]
Wow, great job. Fuck head.
Women drinking and smoking at the bar last night.
Recklessly customized car has a blinding red laser pointing to drivers following it
Found this in facebook. I hate living in the south sometimes.
Secretly taking a video of someone at the gym and then mocking them on Facebook
Protesters burn American flags and smash cars in Oakland following Zimmerman's verdict. [Link in comments]
Hong Kong guy puts a dog in a washing machine, claims it's the fastest way to clean a dog, posts it to Facebook. Translated the comments to English, you judge
"Guy with grey hair: ""Mind if I sit there?"" Batshit cyclist lady: ""Actually, yes, I'm saving this seat for a BIKER."""
This is what happens when you throw a cigarette out of your car window. (x-post /r/pics)
FUCK
Inmate who is serving a life sentence for molesting and then murdering a 10 year old girl called katie was held down and branded by fellow inmates when they learned of his crimes
local Petsmart cut a part of this dog's tail off..
*sigh* [x-Post from /r/Navy]
Facebook Admins don't want to take down a video of a cat getting burned alive. [NSFW/NSFL] (Seriously it's fucked up)
These people stand at the bottom of my high school and protest abortion and wave around this sign with a burning fetus on it. We are located directly across from an elemntary school.
My redneck friend posted this on FB...right after switching his cover photo to his rusty truck with a confederate flag on the back.
When you go fishing, either eat your catch or catch and release. Don't be this guy.
(xpost from /r/WTF) Homophobic billboard
Let's take our kids sledding on a run away truck ramp. (WTF X-Post)
From my Facebook: Someone's dog was stolen this weekend, they found him alive entombed in duct tape yesterday [animal cruelty]
who does shit like this?
These like and share posts are starting to go a little far
A Dog being transported in Philippine
Facebook post using a national tragedy as an opportunity to bash President Obama... I'm seething
Woman breaks her boyfriends Fallout Game because he was ignoring her.
Cartoon at Arizona high school justifies dress code in the most offensive way possible to both genders
Double parked in a handicapped spot
This was posted in /r/funny - How someone decided to leave their tip
I'm sorry, this just really angers me. (Found on Facebook)
Cigarette Mommy
I work in a hospital. We use these simple metal baskets to process tissue specimens. Our hospital-mandated supplier charges us $700 apiece for these. SEVEN. HUNDRED. DOLLARS. This is why healthcare costs are so fucked up. [Reposting here because original was taken down. People need to see this shit]
"Muslim leader (and ISIS supporter) Anjem Choudary once said anyone who drinks ""should be given 40 lashes in public"". He also tried getting these pictures removed from the internet. (X-post From /r/pics)"
What trash can?
Someone threw this kitten away with the trash. Fortunately, I was able to rescue it.
Every time my friend posts something, this asshole has to chime in with something ignorant/racist/hateful. This one though... wow...
Here's one I found last year on Instagram. I saw the 60 mph rolling a joint and had to put this 90 mph Starbucks picture up
Dear Ford, this is the dumbest fucking thing I have ever seen.
What the hell is this?!
Editing a cancer patients photo for likes on FB...
He's 20
Nothing like a tragic accident to generate more followers on Instagram
"My cousin got a ""tip"" that fooled her at first. Why the hell would you do this to someone?"
What type of person would think this is okay?
Someone decided to vandalize this horse
Anti-vaxxers don't understand how vaccinations work
This is getting out of hand
This is my lawn. That is my douchbag neighbor's car. My parents have told him many times not to park there, but since he doesn't have a driveway, he just decides to park it here
"Buddhist monks in Thailand are publicly attacked by pro-government ""Red Shirts"""
I guess screw single dads because there's no changing station in the men's restrooms only the women's
Support worker leaves her shopping bags on top of the disabled man in her care as she takes a fag break
Girl duck faces with dead grandmother
Using a meme the wrong way..
Vandalizing someones car is sure to send the message
Somebody poured a bucket of paint over a 5,000-year-old historic standing stone in Ireland.
Who does this?
Fuck people who think this is acceptable.
Someone apparently thinks it's hilarious to burn the plastic in front of the bus timetable, making it illegible.
This facebook page posts stuff like this all the time.
Anybody else really confused by this advertisement?
Poachers sawed the horns off this female rhino and left her to die. She survived but was unable to care for her calf, which perished.
Trucker destroys historic bridge because she didn't know how many pounds 6 tonnes was (x-post r/wtf)
people are ALREADY exploiting the bombings for likes. shit like this makes me not want to use facebook anymore.
Like getting punched in the face a quajillion times and still trying to fight back
Someone punched an $8M Monet
Found on my Facebook $115,000 car. (Not their vehicle)
"So, this lovely 12-year-old appeared on my ""People You May Know."""
Because fuck everyone else on the highway, that's why.
Guy posts a picture of a killed albino lion, while lions are currently close to extinction.
This is completely ridiculous!!
It's the little things. 
Got my mom a Xoom tablet for her 75th birthday, priceless!
Have fun and be safe today
My husband makes me feel so speciak on my birthday!
Fun Little Secret
I didn't even know it was possible to be this happy!
I graduated High School this morning!
After 7 wonderful years, we made it official today. Never been happier!!! 
After a very long time, I can finally say i found the love of my life and i've never been happier!!
Found this on my car today. It had a shoutout to here. Who left it there?
My daughter said she wanted to be on tv at the age of five. She's not there yet, but at ten she's landed her first paid theater roll in a month long play of Fences by August Wilson.
I'm an uncle! So excited!
The excitement of my girls when they found out we were building them a tree house.
My best friend and his kids. This pic just makes me happy.
A stranger leaves money & a note in a Red Box container! Awwww!
An old man in my friend's apartment complex gifted me a razor scooter!
Two days ago, on the same day, I had to have an emergency appendectomy and lost my job. Despite it all, this little girl gives me my strength.
The first friend I've made in a while :)
I can fix anything now!
I live in one of the most conservative states in the country. This was our Capitol Building. Let the love shine through the night.
Bought my first car.  By myself (no cosigner)
A years worth of progress after getting invisalign braces. I've always been self conscious about my teeth. Finally, I was able to pay for them myself. And I still have 7 months left!
Recently my friends made some sugar buns, these were made in the shape of animals, they were so cute, I first saw this kind of sugar buns, I feel very happy!
Just made a happy memory having my first legal beer with my dad.
Today's our last anniversary before we're married.
Love of my Life! Never been happier!
My boys
Today is my birthday. My wife and I got laser-cut maps of our home states! I am psyched :D
I got my Commercial Pilots Licence today!!! :D
Spring has finally Sprung!
After two years, the man of my dreams proposed to me, in a hot air balloon! It's been five days and I'm still flying!!!
egyptian village kids
I was teaching a baby music class this morning. My daughter sat on my lap and tried to eat my guitar.
Today I went to friend and we personally cooked dumplings together. It is so delicious.
On July 22, 2014 my 6.5 lb, 19.5 in nephew was born at 1:27 pm. This is my sisters' beautiful baby boy
I finally became a mom, and to a gorgeous baby girl. Reddit, meet Emaline Montgomery :)
Love is everywhere. Came across this in a gift shop and put a smile on my face.
Married the man of my dreams today, my best friend of 10 years, my everything.
I'm a dad!!!
"We need more of these around the country. ""What Makes You Smile?"" Chalkboard in Washington, DC."
My first Christmas for my 2 year old daughter. I'm a man & a single parent.
Planted years ago, our lilac bush finally bloomed for the first time.
My pumpkin (5f) wanted to see how people share stuff on this site.
It's our six year anniversary. We're still in love and we're moving to our dream city, NYC, in two weeks!
My dog didn't die this weekend. So happy she is finally back to her old-self.
I'm so grateful for this website. Thanks, Reddit!!
damn wall street fatcats...[pic]
Today I got engaged to my best friend. I'm the luckiest girl in the world!
I've always wanted a VW Beetle, my dad just got me this beauty! I'm at university and it's in my hometown, though, but I can wait. My first car! AHhhHhHHh!
Happy Friday the 13th!
First true love
I met a sloth named Lola today!
Me and my husband celebrate our 2 year anniversary this week!
After a stressful week, I got to have a relaxing rainy Saturday with these cute blondes
I had surgery to remove a tumor from my hand on Friday and just found out it was benign!  
Nobody wanted to color this egg, but I remembered that broken things can be beautiful too. AND GUESS WHAT? I GOT A COOLASS MYSTICAL DRAGON EGG OUT OF IT.
My financial aid got approved and I am officially a student!
I got my very first kitten yesterday and have spent 24 hours playing with it!
This amazing man and I just spend the last month traveling in Thailand and now we're off for an Eastern European adventure. I'm just bursting with love and happiness.
Surround yourself with the people you love. 
My husband always gives me trinkets and things he makes. This is my favorite.
He downloaded a 'cat app' and spent his evening entertaining.... the cat. Still love them both!
My person. He is the one.
looks like I'm going to be an aunt!
My sweet girls!
Great advice for all genders, race, and social classes.
Turtle is happy
My beautiful boy I got from the Humane society this week.
Yesterday I got to spend the day with my younger brother who I hardly ever get to see. We're 11 years apart so sometimes it's hard to find common ground but yesterday was all fun!
Got this on Wednesday :)
I did it, reddit! 
Finally out of toxic relationship - first true smile in a long time!
He took me out for dinner for my birthday :) first time anyone's done that
Last week I fulfilled one of my life-long dreams by swimming with dolphins. Happiness overload!
Probably one of my favorite pictures of myself lol 
Happy friday with fire
Proudest Day of My Life!
It is worth having someone with whom you can share the odd things.
My daughter. She can make me smile on the worst of days.
I got married on sunday! :D
A very proud moment in my life, standing next to my father (Lieutenant over CID). I had just received an award for Jailer of the year and promoted from Corporal to Sergeant in the same month at 20 years old.
Due to financial distress a couple years ago I had to sell my collection. I finally was able to replace it. This small feat has really made me so happy and reassuring to know we're doing just fine.
I almost killed myself four months ago, until he saved my life. I never knew I could be so happy, and I encourage all of those suffering to hold on. Life gets better.
I'm turning 18 tomorrow and here is my cat getting to the alcohol before I do
Got accepted into my dream college today. 
I'm 36 and just wrote the final check to pay off all of my debt (excluding house) including a very expensive divorce trial.  Cheers!
I finally have a dog! Say hello to Sadi!
Cheer up! Here's a picture our dog in baby pajamas
Potato quality but my husband and I went on our first motorcycle ride through Seattle tonight and caught this amazing view!
After 2 years of trying with no success, my wife and I got the most amazing photo at the doctor's office the other day.
had a terrible night, but met a new guy at work who is refusing to let me have a bad day :)
Smile!
Sister is getting over an emergency surgery from cancer complications. First time she has seen my son in two weeks, he is her world.
My snail's shell is not broken anymore
Had my last college exam today... Bittersweet feeling to never see this again!
A year after being adopted, Beemo is happy and follows me everywhere - even the bathroom!
Had an engagement photoshoot today. I think our dog may just be a little happy about it.
Happy Birthday to me!
Was in a wedding today, the most scenic place, it almost looks fake! It also fell on our nine year anniversary!
Made a pizza from scratch. And it didn't suck!
I finally had a much needed fancy date-night with my very introverted boyfriend, and he actually requested to take pictures afterwards. I'm on cloud 9 right now. (Sorry for potato picture)
Hope this brightens up your day the way it brightened up mine!
my brother at the zoo
My first time poaching eggs and they didn't suck! Small victory but makes me happy anyway.
After 4 months, his dad called and said he wanted to be in his life 
May seem small, but after a breakup, I lived in some pretty awful places. Now I have my own apartment and can restart making my Sunday breakfast feasts. Here's week #1.
My best friend and I celebrating Holi together. It's been too many months apart.
It's my birthday!!
Ive recently started a tea infuser collection. This little guy bobs around =}
I finally bought the car I've always wanted!
My beautiful mother and I on her wedding day!
I've been struggling with depression a lot lately, but today one of my 8th grade students game me a BFF bracelet. It made my day and helped me get over this funk that I've been it!
SO of 5 years popped the question, happy
This photo was snapped by Miroslav Hlavko . . .
Had horrible teeth and a big gap my entire life. My first ever smile without being embarrased
Today I married my best friend
Good to see him smiling again :')
It's my 25th birthday! My husband flies C17's for the Air Force. So today I got the opportunity to go on a short flight in the C17!
My friend has been having a rough time lately and I haven't been able to visit her. This is all I could send her. Hope it cheers someone else up, too.
For the first time in years, I now have Hope.
Cross-post /r/India. This guy took some poverty-stricken children to McD with his first salary. Salute!
I finished my first 5k!!! :D
Always been happy, now I have everything I ever wanted.
She makes me happy
The woman who turned my life around. My wonderful wife!
It's my 25th birthday, and I haven't been happier in my life! :D
Just Became a Finalist for a Huge Scholarship at my Dream College
She could play any rules she wanted. I'm more than happy just to sit and watch.
I don't remember why I was smiling....I just remember the feeling of pure joy and happiness
It's my Birthday and my 1 week old small business just had it's largest day of sales. It's my first birthday where I am not depressed about my professional life
It's Family Day here in Canada. Me and my girlfriend just announced to our friends and family that we're expecting in September! 
Me (left) and my awesome bluegrass jam group.
On my cake day I asked her, she said yes, and i got the best birthday present ever. Here is the beginning of our happy family!
Just hanging out with my grandma
Friend's daughter made her first basket
My fiancee and me playing music for my sisters triplets.
A rare sighting of a smiling and excited cool teenager. We don't see this often in captivity.
My dog's face in this photo makes me happy everytime I look at it. My family <3
My first post - a horde of internet friends and strangers contributed over $600.00 within a few hours to save the life of this dog.
I FINALLY have myself a gentleman
Got engaged!
The face of joy. A child in India receives a gift she won't let go of =)
Two nights ago I played a sold out Carnegie Hall, a dream I've had since I was a child. It was the most amazing experience of my life. (cross post /r/pics)
This beautiful boy has always been my rock despite the distance between us and the horrific things he's been through recently. This photo was taken over a year ago. I wouldn't be here today if he hadn't given me a reason to save myself.
A friend took this candid photo of my girlfriend and me in NYC. [xpost from /r/pics]
Work has been stressing me out the past few weeks, but this weekend my SO took me to Sedona, AZ- my hippie heaven. It's only been a day and a half, but this place makes my soul sing.
On a whim I bought a plane ticket to Puerto Rico. This is me finally arriving at Flamenco Beach!
Finally got my degree and first salaried job after making pizzas for the last 10 years. As a parting gift, my coworkers/best friends decided to all sign my most cherished work tool.
Also roommate :)
My dad lost his dog last month and my boy has been a big help in mending his heart. Here they are looking gleeful at a rest stop in the Appalachian mountains.
Found this in a bathroom on campus
We got to bring home our first son yesterday
True Love Established
The little person who changed my life completely. For the better :)
This right here, is why I love my job.
On holiday, on my friend's private island. There is nothing else to wish for. I am happy. Extremely happy.
Last Spring I married the best person I'll ever know. My Wife. We like to enjoy life :)
After driving 3,000 miles to a new state, I just got hired at full time and found a house to rent in 3 days!
Kinda different from most posts, but it's been 5 months since I have installed kitchen counters. There are two pieces of stone seamed together in this picture. I set the seam. Super happy with the result.
"I am out to lunch with my parents. I told my parents to look happy when my dad turned to my mom and said ""look happy? All I have to do is look at you."" /post pics"
Taught my (autistic) son to smile and look at the camera :victory!
Went on a Random Turn Roadtrip with some friends, ended up in a big field 200 miles from home at sunset and flat out frolicked for a good half hour. I love life so very much <3
Did some redecorating, our living room is so cozy now 
Meet my awesome new kitten sidekick, Hobbes!
After 2 years of Little League...and many close calls...My little guy blasted one over the centerfield fence tonight!
My coworkers decorated my desk for my birthday!
We closed on our house, now comes all the unpacking!!
I became a citizen of The United States of America on September the 16th. I wanted to celebrate in one of my favorite places in the world.
Cakeday, huh.  Man, it's been a tough year.  lost my dad and my dog...but i have my nephews to spin, so i'm happy.  
25 years ago today. So far so good. : )
Happy park jaunt
Woo!!! Didn't always know if we'd make it, but we did!
after driving a scooter for 2 years I finaly have a car
"Engaged! Hoping for a more 'happy' response.
(Got a little too excited and accidentally posted in pics a little while back) :) "
Naptime
My little bunny makes me happy :)
The happiest day of my life so far!
So cute
Maybe its not for reddit, but I'm proud of myself. This is me placing 3rd at state track in the 110 hurdles [x-post from r/pics]
Never thought it would happen... But I learnt to ski!
Two things: I got married to the man I have been with for nearly a decade. Then I cut off all of my long curly hair the next day (total bridal stereotype, I know, but it made me giddy)
I got my girlfriend a cupcake decorating course for her birthday, this is the incredible result!
This is my favourite person in the world, and I've finally told him how I feel after two years of not wanting to ruin a friendship. It went well. :)
I have my first interview today since I moved away from home! 
We're cute. I love us.
A pretty happy sight!
Hi! Photographer: John D Nielsen
I found my happiness in all the little things; like spring and tiny curious kittens.
The company I founded just celebrated its 10 year anniversary. For our party we hired the world's happiest DJ. He was AWESOME!
So happy, I couldn't afford presents this year as I have been out of work, so I made a clay figurine of my husband instead, he absolutely loved it.
My furry family. They are always happy to see my when I come home. I love them and they make me happy.
Two nights ago my dog Bernie was hit by a car. After lots of worry and tears, he came home today and is back on squirrel duty.
My wonderful mother saved someones life yesterday!(Dad also graduated with a Masters from UW) Story in comments.
"After years of reaching out to this lady and toeing the line of ""stepmom"" with only rudeness and punishment in response, this made me feel really good!"
Found this on peanut butter foil :) Smile
I have lupus and my friend painted me this lotus to remind me that things will get better.
1.5 years ago I saw a post on reddit about an island full of bunnies in Japan. I swore to myself to go there once I get the chance. Now I am an exchange student in Tokyo and it finally happened!
My mother on Christmas day. She was so happy with the way the turkey came out.
My little family. They are the reason I smile.
"""Rhodesian ridgeback puppy Raina looks at her cheetah cub companion Ruuxa, who is recovering from surgery on his forelimbs, Sept. 3, 2014."" Photo credit: San Diego Zoo Safari Park, California, USA"
Ridiculously Photogenic Dad
Yesterday I got to watch my best friend of 13 years marry her soulmate 
The gf and I fell asleep before midnight so we are having morning mimosas and watching friends.
This goon is my little brother. We nearly lost him earlier this year, but today he's cracking jokes. I'm so grateful that he got a second chance.
After almost 3 years of living with adrenal fatigue and hypoglycemia, today my book is finally available in paperback edition and digital!
After fighting through depression for years I have finally decided to get help and today I bought myself this. I have not felt so good in a long time.
I don't know who these people are, but this made me happy today
Sleepy. [pic]
A Happy Aziz Ansari with his parents on stage at MSG
Not just a good day. . . (x-post from r/adviceanimals)
My wife and I at our first concert together to tonight! So excited and couldn't be happier!!
I love my girls
I'm sorry but I have to share. After being a trigger lock away from ending it, here I am after my last day of high school. I shouldn't have made it this far, reddit. But I did.
"In November 1970, forty people were photographed right after the photographer said ""you have a beautiful face""."
Finally got the bass of my dreams!
Hugging Moose
Couldn't think of a better way to end our month in Europe. She said yes.
On Monday (9/7/15) I married my best friend and I couldn't be happier.
Got my master's today!!!!
A timeless look of my happiness.
The man I love finally popped the question; I've never been so happy!
My father gave me his father's wedding ring, that my grandfather wore for 52 years until he passed away. This picture captures me and my lovely bride at the greatest moment of my life.
I've never been more proud of myself 
I was able to (financially) comfortably take a vacation to Hawaii paying my own wayit's been a long hard road to get here
My fiance's fortune cookie from last night. He was standing right next to me when he opened it.
Wanna know what makes me truly happy and complete? Doing this does :)
Got the best t-shirt ever today!
I am so happy he changed my life and I'm so happy I changed his aswell. <3 1,5 years together now.
We all survived a head-on car crash!
It is my first time to see snow, so I am very happy.
It took me 36 years to find her, and another 4 before this day. But it was the happiest day of my life.
My sweet half pitbull half chiweenie Cash
I found 500 dollars in the 2 dollar pants i bought at goodwill. Finally some real life karma.
Yesterday I watched one of the girls I grew up with get married  so very happy for you my friend
Be the dog!
Staying happy at work.
I got married to /u/ramsay_baggins today
We eloped today. Happy New Year!
I've been looking for a job for seven months, and guess what!?
Spent a little more than I had planned on my toys for tots gifts but I know two kids will be very happy this Xmas. I don't know who they are, but I know they'll be happy.
Still getting used to smiling again, but I shaved to show it off better!
Just picked up our marriage license :)
it's my birthday in 57 minutes, and I've finally found someone who enjoys spending time with me, for me. I couldn't be happier!
Nothing makes me happier than looking at this picture of my dog, hope it make your day a little bit better.
I was bored last night, so I decided to go on Omegle. I feel like I made a difference, and it feels good.
I am recovering from an eating disorder and for many years I refused to eat normally at lunch. Today I ate a whole meat burger (sooo good!!!). i want to share my happiness for this little/big achievement with reddit :D
At a marble factory on my first day as an interior designer!
All she needs is a monocle. Love this bitch!
Rowlf the Dog, playing the piano in Brighton. What could be much better?
Overwhelming sometimes how much I love my girls.
I highly recommend having a granddaughter.
Yesterday, after finally losing 50lbs, I took my oath of enlistment to become an American Airman recruit.
Things are finally looking up!
Bought a new tank top, saw a photo opp
Working for tips...
Is this better for /r/happy reddit? 
Have you ever been as happy as my boy playing in the park? ;)
After months of searching, mountains of paperwork, and lots of worry - today I closed on my first house!!
I'm 42, and my gf showed me this morning the answer to life, the universe and everything.
Look at this little Dormouse! Look how happy it is!
ACHIEVEMENT UNLOCKED: Become a US Citizen
9 months of happiness
Just performed my first marriage. It was probably one of my favorite days ever.
I've had an eagle tattood on my chest for a long time now. My dad surprised me by getting the same. Tears of joy were shed.
I will be donating all my hair to locks of love on January 8th.
My Son!
My favorite place to be :D
I got full custody of my son today! Here he is with his favorite car.
Im twinning out with my mini me. :) fatherhood is amazing.
My girlfriend asked me to marry her today!
Last night I met my favorite female musical artist Lorde :)
It's been two years since I've had to take anti-depressants!
Visited charleston last week w my husband and his parents. I love them so much - they treat me more like a daughter than my parents ever did 
Happy Valentine's day to my grandpa, Short Valentine. Most kind-hearted man I've ever known.
Never saw a ferret in real life. I've learned Master Bojangles is one good kisser!
This is why I'm happy today: My next year is no longer uncertain!
after 2 years of hard work while keeping up with a full time job and raising my son, I graduated with my Masters and I couldn't be happier!
Heck yeah.
My little day-maker :}
I played my first show today. This is something I've been dreaming of doing since middle school, so it was awesome to finally do that.
We may live across an ocean from each other, but when together I know true happiness
Crying during class with your head down, then looking up to see your teacher sets this on your desk. Made my day so much better.
This may be common here, but my girlfriend! Everything about her is wonderful and I wholly appreciate her and everything she does :) Let me show you a picture of her
Maybe next year I actually will!!
I married my best friend last week. I've never been more happy than I am right now!
Stuck in bed, but can still play fetch with my lovely pup who brings the ball back over and over.
Took engagement photos two days ago and today I'm starting the new job that will help find the wedding! Here's a preview picture of the shoot! <3
The face of true happiness
The first time in three years my boyfriend agreed to a real tree. It's small but I love it!
Her First Fish!!
She is my best little buddy. I'm so glad to have her.
It's her first cakeday. I present Admiral Wolverine Lightning Bolt.
On a brick wall where my car was parked. Just what I needed today.
On my honeymoon - happiest ever!!!!!
After beating suicide...this is what I have accomplished in just one year!
After 8 yrs of smoking this month marks my first full year without a cigarette. I use the money I save every month to pay for a motorcycle.
your best accessory is a warm smile.
With my sister.
Celebrated our one year wedding anniversary last weekend! Here's my favorite picture from that day. 
Local drive-thru messes up order, manager drives to our house to deliver a new one for free, NBD.
My neighbor has always been cool but this is next level shit. This is in front of MY driveway.
Why I love being a South African
This pic at the end of my time trial makes me happy. As an ex-fat-kid, it makes me happy to be good at a sport.
Sooooo happy! (xpost from r/aww)
Free smiles!
Came home and found the building manager brought food for me!
I just received a total $4775 grant money for spring semester. Tuition (+ fees) costs exactly $4775...
My boyfriend of 3 years proposed to me at my favorite place in the world!
We have a son!!!
Breakfast Before Resigning
I've wanted to hold a human brain since I was a kid. Here's me living the dream!
My new hat makes me smile every time I wear it. :D
My '95 Chevy Lumina broke down about a month ago... Been lookin' at this car for a week.. Loan got approved today :D! My New2Me 2009 Hyundai Sonata
Yesterday I got a bass guitar for which I've been saving for about 2 years. Soooo happy <3
Sweet picture of a bunch of my friends this past weekend at NY's tallest waterfall, Kaaterskill. We'd just left TAP NY craft beer festival and were having an incredible time. I'm in the green!
It's things like this that make me love reddit.
"""365 Note Bucket"" for my girlfriend on valentine's day!"
Went to the beach with my family last weekend after a stressful week. These photos will always put a smile on my face!
Little Girl with her Camel. Makes me smile everytime :)
Today is my birthday! So I got a princess balloon hat :)
The way he looks at me when I don't realize makes me the happiest person on earth
This picture always makes me smile!
My two favourite boys. My family makes me so happy.
I was having a bad morning and this little thing picked me up a lot so i thought I'd share it with you guys.
I got married today!
Wristband from my first date with my boyfriend fell off after 3 months.. Got a beautiful rainbow bracelet to replace it.
My girlfriend Kake holding a cake
Happy anniversary to us! Happy cake day to me! Happy happy happy day
She makes me happy.
Happy Holidays from our family to yours!
My sister posted this picture of my grandma on FB today. 10 years ago, I didn't know that she smiled. She was so drugged up on pain killers and antidepressants that she was a stone wall. I saw it and cried. Wanted to share my happiness with you all. Enjoy and hug your grandparents if you can :)
Happiness 
Dropped my iPhone in water, and after leaving it two days inside a bag full of rice, IT WORKS! :)
Got a new addition to the family. My new little nephew.
I got sick several times, was forced to wear an oxygen mask for some time due to a high heart rate and refused to go to the hospital.  And then I finished!
My Therm-A-Rest got defective after 17 Years. They sent me a new one.
Very happy chap (just happened)
I just got my master's!
This sight makes me happy
Never seen so much raw joy on an adult's face. From a playground for adults that lets people play around with heavy machinery.
The happiest day of my life: The day I paid the first month's rent after being homeless on-and-off for seven years.
Been training all year and finally made my first sale. Dat comission doe!
Mondays aren't so bad after all eh. 
It's our 4 year anniversary today... Thought I'd share.
I met my daughter this morning!
Entered my first DJ Competition and made it to the finals! Did not expect it at all. So thankful <3
A woman I'm a little interested in sent me a friend request on Facebook, is single, liked a bunch of my pictures, and left a playful message on my profile. This image is my reaction. 
It's nice to have moments of happiness that overcome my anxiety and depression. Even if only for one night.
So I became a Canadian Citizen today! (x-post from /r/Canada)
My friend's cat and boyfriend share the same enthusiasm for Sundays.
I was battling an eating disorder and didn't think I would make it to meet my nephew. I'm now recovering. I couldn't be happier than this moment!
I've found the love of my life. He's my everything. In two months, we'll have spent the happiest year of my life together.
My 3 Favourite Things: Autumn Hikes, Timmies and my Boys. Couldnt be happier!
In light of recent world events, I think we could all use a smile.
A very personal achievement I want to celebrate: this is the first brand new car I have ever bought, and the first one in my family too. I'm proud and incredibly happy that my efforts are showing some fruits.
Newly engaged as of 5/24! So happy I could burst and I want to share it with the whole world!
There has been lots of arguments, tears and all nighters but I finally graduated and I couldn't have done it without my boyfriend. I could not be happier!
After years of waiting, I am finally falling asleep in my own apartment!!!
Off to our first wedding together 
I was able to really embrace life on a nice walk with this love. We disconnected, talked and laughed, and got a bit lost in the hiking trails. I'm so happy.
My friends just got married...
It was a small crowd due to weather, but I won my first Time Trial in only my second race.
I found the woman of my dreams, and her dog too.
"My friend was making breakfast for her kids and this happened. Made me ""smile."""
After constantly lending people money this week, I revealed three like amounts.
These three men are my best friends. In 2007, they saved my life. Here we are in 2010, taking a photo together before they all moved away. I keep in touch with them as often as possible. They have helped me through good times and bad. This is what happy means to me.
So I made a new friend the other day!
Hey /r/happy, do you have any video games that invoke happiness in you every time you play them?
Eleven week ultrasound of my future first born!
My mom has been sick a lot this year and has hardly had the energy to do anything. Now she's feeling a lot better so we went Christmas shopping and made cookies!
I've always wanted funky hair. I couldn't in high school, or my job right after. I've finally completed my weird dream of having purple hair!
Sometimes brothers are born to different parents...
I love this man!
These make me really happy and I wanted to share some beauty with you :)
High School janitors deserve at least a little appreciation.
My first holdable copy of my novel arrived today!
My son wanted one thing for his 3rd birthday. To ride on a real train. This is his face just as the train started to move. His sister was less impressed.
Birthday drinks with my work crew xo
My friend spent 32 hours in labor before having her second child on July 4th. This is us afterwards.
My grandparents have this adorable cat that they treat like a princess, and it always sleeps in a straw bowl. Here's how it was sleeping when I saw it today.
This just made my day so much better. 
King Louie's facial expressions ALWAYS cheer me up when I'm having a bad day!
After lots of hard work and major saving, I bought my first car without any assistance!
I won an Xbox One at a white elephant exchange with my company in December (my boss bought all the gifts for the exchange, all equally awesome). On Thursday, we were burglarized and the xbox was stolen. My boss overnighted this the next day. I am so grateful for him!
How can you not smile back??? My little Minion!
Seoul: WiFi in every subway car
Had a 5 note in my pocket and I decided to buy a scratch card :D
Sometimes happiness tastes like tomatoes.
I bought my first car ever and I'm so excited!!
At some point, whilst away from my desk, a small child drew this on the whiteboard in my office. Feels really super good, man. :D
My friend at Busch Gardens showing genuine happiness
Best long weekend in my favourite place with my favourite person :)
Braces off after three years!
My son and I have been taking goodies to our local community heroes starting this week.  The response has been overwhelming!  This is just a start, many more visits/pics to come.
Our first puppy together, I love them both so much.
My sister and her SO are it that plane to go see our mom in Morocco. My sis is pregnant and my mom doesn't know !
This girl saved my life. Finally happy :~)
I got married on 11/11/11, we have been married for three years today!
I've been preparing for a trip coming up this spring.  Today's mail: OH BOY OH BOY!
Dog Family . . . Photographed by Martin Hahn
I finished Boston!
My son and his best friend eating watermelon. Life is good.
I survived cancer, five years of dialysis, and finally, after much work, I finally live on my own. This is how I feel.
He hid this in my college dorm room before he moved back to his home on a different continent. I was sure we would never meet again. Three years later, he has proposed and I'm moving across the world to Switzerland to be with him. 
Just got married to my best friend in Vegas!
Do what you love, and love what you do.
I know this is generic but I can't contain my excitement. She actually said yes!!
I proposed to the love of my life last night! Can't wait to start our life together as husband and wife :)
Turning my life around and this was a big one for me.
This always makes me smile
this is my best friend is on the right. when my car was totaled, he bought me a used car and taught me how to drive manual in two days. one of many things he's done for me. im truly grateful for friends like him.
"This is what I got at the office Christmas party ""White Elephant"" gift exchange... Its friggen adorable"
Tiger hug
Best gift ever...
made myself a cup of ice cream :D
After Convincing me he was against marriage, he surprised me with this gorgeous ring!
I suffer from social anxiety and depression. Got the courage to walk out my front door today. Glad I did :) (Rio Rancho, New Mexico)
She always knew she was different from the other girls...in her head she's always been a dog
It took me 8 years, but I finally earned my Bachelor's degree from IU :)
This is a picture of my sister at my wedding; she's absolutely beautiful and I couldn't love her more.
Best night of my life.
Can finally afford living alone for the first time, moved to my dream city and dating my dream girl. I've never been happier.
My only real OC I've ever created.
Heart-shaped moth on my windowscreen (taken a while ago, just found it in my camera roll)
Puppy & a proposal!
Without challenge there is no change 
Just entered my first ever relationship and I'm really happy about it. She's a superbly nice and bubbly girl.
I finally graduated at 25! Put of uni for years.
I asked my boyfriend to prom with pizza. We had an amazing night looking so nice.
Some of the best (little things) in life. We take them for granted.
I'm an aunt!
Met him right here on Reddit. Me in Denver, him in Sweden. Moving out to be with him next week. Just two happy gingers here!
Chopped off my hair for locks of love
My very first friend who is also my best friend came to Ireland to visit me during the weekend. I haven't seen her in 11 years! We're still the best of friends!
I've been with this girl for more than a year now, and nobody has ever been able to make me happier than she makes me. (Bonus Puppy)
Two years of growing finally long enough to donate. What's the best place to donate?
After 2 years it feels good to finally get my braces off! Happy New Year everyone :)
My nephew holding his new brother
I gave blood for the first time today, after wanting to do it for over 7 years!
Me, my mother, her mother, and her mother! Four generations all together on the happiest day of my life.
sky over vegas: have a happy day
This is me and my best friend of around 12 years/boyfriend of 8months, and here is our cheesy holiday picture.
was told by health to come here! for my sweet 16, i got the best present; to reach my weight goal of 115 lbs after suffering from anorexia nervosa for 2 years! i hope everyone knows everyBODY is beautiful no matter shape or size!
Today, I got to meet this lil' porker. His name is Beef!
My girlfriend and I are usually too broke to celebrate Valentine's Day in a traditional way, but this year I saved up for a long time! I surprised her, and we had so much fun today.
This is my Papa. He's 84, has chronic pneumonia, a bad heart, brittle bones, and he loves his kitty.
My grandparents on their 60th Anniversary
Some kids just need someone to listen
Last Weekend My Kids And I Finally Got To Cross This Off Our Bucket List!
Finally got my book published in paperback!
A little fun for everyone
My B-E-A-UTIFUL wife enjoying the color run down in Baton Rouge :D
She said yes!!!
This gave me a little smile while waiting for my morning coffee...
I'm marrying my best friend tomorrow!
My pup is what makes me HAPPY!
Had a rough 4 years being kicked out of my home, graduating from the 8th most challenging high school in the US, and taking up two jobs to live independently. Here I am enrolled into nursing school and about to move into my dorm tomorrow!!
ride...
This was a really good day, I thought I'd share it :)
I was driving on the road when Happy by Pharrell Williams starts to play on the radio station. This is what I happened to see.
After four years.
My wife cleverly used her Halloween costume to surprise her coworkers with the news that she's pregnant.
I finally got my husband back after being away for nearly a year overseas.
17 years ago this man decided to step up to marry my mom and adopt me! Now I'm in my senior year of college and owe so much of my success to his support and love. You can pick your nose, your friends, and your family. 
This is whats making me happy today...My boss deserves credit for being a GG
As soon as i put the hat on him, this is what he did.
i've got a day, full of disappointment and depressive stuff. Then i came home, turned my computer on and saw this little buddy. And you know, I've smiled immediatly.
Winter Optimism (x-post from r/pics)
My two new kittens weren't getting along at first, growling and hiding from each other, then I walked in and found that they made a truce.
Happy. Just look at that smile...
She REALLY Loves the Swings
After being a fan of the film for nearly 20 years, I got to meet the director and several cast members of Hackers last night!
Just bought my first house for only $22,000 :)
Moving to the city of my dreams with the love of my life this month!
My asthmatic sister and I ran a 5k!
Thank you! I appreciate this random man's gift to me!
My girlfriend is finishing a major research project on human trafficking and is presenting at a symposium today. She's worked really hard and deserves some recognition for everything. Can reddit show her some love?
I wanna rock!! [pic]
I did 23andme and found my biological father. This is us meeting for the first time!
Even after all the shitty, selfish things I've done to her, my ex-wife still looks out for me on my birthday.
I just love him :)
My father passed away suddenly when I was 19. This is my new favorite picture of us, a photo I'd never seen until a few days ago.
As a guy who has been down on his luck lately, especially financially - today was a good day (sorry for the meme but it just fits so good)
Was on this crane when she went down. Ground gave out and she fell over. I managed to scramble up the side in the air and jump off before getting hurt. Playing the lottery tonight
We've been married for 2 years!! I love him so much. :D
Magic, 4 days after his stroke. One eye permanently dilated, can't untilt his head, but he's alive and starting to walk again. I couldn't be happier!
Had some sun today in Ireland. It made for an awesome happy day. Even if our dog looks like he's hating life.
I got my uniform for culinary school today!  I start classes Wednesday!
This photo was taken nearly 2 years ago now. This lovely lady still makes every day my happiest day :)
Boyfriend of 4 years finally moved in!
Play football
Christmas is usually a frustrating time for me as a single mom, but this year I managed to save up enough money to get my son an awesome bed! I can't wait to surprise him!
happiness is a hand rub after a long sick day at work
The crappy road I live on has finally been resurfaced!
She said yes!
Her 6 month picture made you happy, how about her first snow? She loved it!
Can't believe we've been married almost a year!
First Christmas in our new house :)
I adopted a bulldog from a rescue organization this weekend. Betty is helping me smile again.
You guys like fluffy things, right?
There is something you need to know.x-post from r/funnyandsad.
I was married to a man who wouldn't let me improve myself so I would stay weak. After a botched suicide, three years of hard work and A LOT of therapy I ran my first race and placed 3rd!
Meet Mickey, my cure for depression.
Oh happy day
Finished setting up my screen house summer reading room!
it'll rain later, but biking to work this morning was worth it for this sunrise
Took this photo for you guys - spotted in the parking lot at work, heading back from lunch
Big interview today, wish me luck!!!
This is Derby, a dog at the local shelter. I hope she brightens up your day like she does mine :) (x-post r/dogpictures)
Who is this mystery couple!? Took a picture of them getting engaged last summer (June 29, 2011) in Fort Greene Park, Brooklyn. Help me find them!
First anniversary with the most amazing man I have ever met & I can easily say I've never been happier!
First post.  Biggest achievement in my life,  so far.
My awesome girlfriend commissioned a painting of my 18.5 year old cat that passed away last year. It looks so much like my kitty that I smile every time I look at it.
Today after finding out my nephew was a boy, he gave us a thumbs up. :)
3 years of true love & pure happiness :)
Captain of the Los Angeles Kings, Dustin Brown, after winning the Stanley Cup last night (xp r/hockey)
This picture just makes me all happy glowy. I love love.
The most perfect happy pic ever.
Getting ready to propose tomorrow, wish I could just wake her up and do it right now!!
I graduated from nursing school yesterday!
Woman of my dreams said yes!!!
I got married this weekend at Lake Tahoe! 
Pictures of my best friends- instant happiness.
My long distance SO surprised me by coming to take pictures with me at my senior prom! (:
Pretty good use of a Friday night!
The only time I've seen my dad cry: the day of his wedding. Reddit, I can't even begin to explain how happy I am for the both of them! 20 years after losing his first wife he's finally found a woman who makes his life complete :) And I have a new mom!
After many many hours of driving flying ferrying and still more driving woke up this morning to this view 
"Apparently it's my ""cake day"". I just wanted to share one my favorite pics of my wife and I. She makes me the happiest."
14 years!
These are me and my best mates, no real reason for posting - just wanted to share my happiness to the world :)
My deaf adopted sister and I going to the shopping together for the first time.
It doesn't get any better than the moments like this!
I'm in Sweden as an exchange student.  I've been feeling a little homesick, and was worrying about how it would be spending my birthday away from home. Today is my birthday, and my hallmates surprised me with a party :)
My boyfriend lives out of town and I got to spend yesterday and today with him. I am so happy. I
Our engagement photos just came in!
I'd never been given flowers before. So, a few months ago my boyfriend randomly delivered these to my work as a surprise. Still makes me smile when I think about it!
Finally quitted smoking! Last week I finally got the guts to ask for professional help to quit, it was quite hard for me to confess to myself that I couldn't do it alone. Now I am very happy and my kids gave me a big cheer :-D
A few months ago, I posted a picture of the Xena costume I made for my best friend. The only thing that's better than the fact that she loves it is how AMAZING she looks!
It's hard not to be happy with a year and half of bunny kisses.
r/happy meet my kitty Happy :)
Just woke up. My blinds make me think that this will be a great day !
I found somebody to love :)
My neighbors dog is always stopping by to tease my weiner dog. Paisely makes me happy :)
Summer is coming...
My 90 year old grandma just ran...not walked, RAN...her first 5k!
Today was a good day.
As a broke graduate student, my day was just made with this surprise care package. Wanted to share my happiness with you all. :)
My wife with our new foster dog who we saved from being euthanized. I think he's happy we did...
There was a time when I had thought I had lost true love, and would forever have to settle for second best. Then a year ago, I fell in love with a woman who made me realize I had never known real love before. Life is happy!!!
Roads are treacherous
My mood instantly changed when I drove down this street today! [OC]
Never thought I'd find someone I wanted to marry, or that they would feel the same way!
He was very upset to get 3rd place untile he realized he still got a trophy. His first ever!
Ending my vacation with a great hike with the Costco crew :)
Hey You!
Today, I got all of this watercolor (and a little gouache) for $15. I'm happy as a clam!
Happy 10yr Anniversary to the man that's has made me so happy to be married!
I told her her best friend that I'd marry this girl long before we started dating. The wedding is in 17 days!
My grandpa loves me
I'm graduating from college today!!
My first dog ever. He makes me laugh and smile all day long, look at him!
Quit your day job..
Our 1 year anniversary, I got this lovely bouquet and we're currently at a wonderful dinner together at a fancy restaurant. More than we can usually afford but it's worth it!
Today, I was reunited with my dog, missing for a month, after being away from home for 2 months.
Came across this squad when I was in London last year right across from the London eye. Friendship goals right there.
Our day off consisted of a lot of mud, tear gas, getting shocked with 10,000 volts of electricity and I wouldn't have it any other way 
This picture makes me smile :) my two favorite things!
The doctors thought she wouldn't be born alive and pushed for an abortion. Today is her first day of preschool
A guest at our restaurant loved my service and gave me these from the wedding he just came from
My band got to open a pretty large show at the most popular venue in our area!
Celebrating Windy's birrhday!
I got a puppy
Lately I suffer from very severe unexplained headaches. Last night I had a particularly bad one spring up at 4AM. The moment I started crying, this amazing animal jumped into my bed and laid beside me until the headache passed. I'm so grateful she's my cat.
"""Every day, once a day, give yourself a present."""
Pure joy - on grandpa's boat
For my Reddit birthday: My fiance and I. We met through Reddit, and we get married this Saturday.
My Wife and I just bought our dream house, can't wait to move in!!
I ran an entire 5k for the first time!
I just got a promotion at work, and now I get to wear a tie to work! I've never felt so adult!
In 1979, when I was 5, I got a stuffed bunny for Easter. I still sleep with him every day at 40. I found a picture of the day I got him yesterday.
Summer is coming!
My son was never promised to see his second birthday. He turned two on Dec 20th. I'd say this was the best present anyone could ask for!
2 years with the most amazing person I've ever met. Yeah we've had hard times but it's amazing knowing that you'll always have that one person who's your forever constant.
9 years after graduating high school, I finally finished college! Here's me, my girlfriend, and her son celebrating!
"Grandpa made it through surgery. He says it's all because of this ""lucky teddy bear"""
Words can't describe how happy I am to hold my first child. Her name is Charlotte. I call her Chuck.
Spending the holidays alone again but I decorated this year anyway! It actually cheered me up :)
My dad works close to 100 hours a week as a doctor, and is the most generous person I have ever met. He finally decided to buy himself something he's always wanted. 
This was a good day, so I thought I'd share my goofy smile with you all :)
Picked some weeds/wildflowers. It's the simple things :)
The anticipation for this news nearly killed me.
This man makes me the happiest I've been in a long while. <3
I'm an auntie!!
After nine long years, my mother is officially cancer free.
This is my niece. There are many nieces like her, but this one is mine.
I'm 25 and I just got dentures. I've dealt with dentaphobia all my life but now I can finally smile again :)
Audrey Hepburn's got a message for you.
My first child who'll be here in November
If roses could be happy...
I use to work at a daycare...whenever I feel down, I look at these and they make me smile. 
My hamper is a happy camper
The epitome of happy
My coworker brought her new puppy to the office!
Graduated with my master's degree!
At 25, I decided to go back to school. I had a very rough road, but now I feel like I can take on the world.
Super proud of my hilarious friend and recent Reddit Celebrity (r/videos Youtube How to put on a Sweater Video 300,000 views in 24 hrs) u/vorander. He did one of his first stand up shows tonight, he was very nervous but delivered an awesome set and was so happy after. Send him some love if you can.
Started kindergarten last week. Every day she comes home, it's two hours of stories about new experiences, lessons learned, and new friends.
The first wedding I ever attended, was my BEST friend's. Here's the moment after they were married! Love them both.
I love my girls
This is why I love Texas
I made a boatload of stickers yesterday! Ten straight hours of art-making.
I just graduated from university yesterday with my Bachelors. This photo is one of the best moments of my life. I'm so happy I made it!
Was asked to run the office whilst my boss was away
My wife and 9 week old baby girl. I celebrate my 30th birthday this month. I am a happy man.
Proud of my birthday girl
r/gore. Not r/shatter.
Training
Man's guts ejected out of his head
Women skewers her hand trying to cook burgers
Be careful with those fireworks kids. (x-post /r/WTF)
4-Year-Old tipped a dresser with his finger in the drawer
Just my leg after I fell onto a gate. I'll post the gate pic. Later
Machete to the face. (x-post: /r/wtf)
Disabled guy cut open at morgue
Tattoo removal by acid. NSFW
A sniper kill
My leg after I got second degree burns for a gas can exploding.
Decomposing corpse in the Suicide Forest.
[nsfw] [gore] Wild bear eat man
ISIS fighter poses with female Kurdish fighter's head
Circular saw got drummer of local bands fingers
ISIS
Jane Wicker
A 16 year-old male student was playing with firecrackers at home when one of them exploded in front of his face
Hand through tomato slicer (xpost /r/wtf)
Friend of a friend was dirt biking and got a stick stuck in his helmet
An 18 wheeler truck, in Thailand, made an illegal U-turn in front of a car killing everyone inside
Krokodil surgery (r/WTF suggested you folks may appreciate this)
Mans brain ejects after he is struck by a truck
Shotgun to the ankle
Aftermath of a car crash (x-post /r/WTF)
11 year old crushed by bus
Tattoo laser removal hurts like a mother!
Guy tries to rob farmer, Gets Machette blows to the face.
My dumb shit brother doesn't understand gun safety.
The Pizza Dude
Just got a PM requesting I post this picture again as it was apparently removed from Imgur sometime in the past year. This is my new artificial knee being implanted.
morning wood (x-post from r/wtf)
I was splitting logs, and my finger got smashed between two logs
I just had dental implant surgery (and a bovine bone graft), thought you might enjoy.
Cop carrying woman's severed arms after she was hit by a train
This is what happens when a sharp machete meets your head NSFW NSFL
My uncle had an accident today with his lathe
This is what happens when you get your hand stuck in a lathe(Yes, this is my hand) NSFW xpost from/r/wtf
Guy's leg during(?) and after skin graft.(x-post from /r/WTF)
Friend's head after car accident
Man electrocuted while cutting an energized power line.
Cops found my friend's stolen bike! Oh and the person who stole it too!
We just got the knifes sharpened yesterday
Faces of /r/gore
Stomach tumor my girlfriend was working on the other day!
From my facebook feed [NSFW]
Before and After (death album, nsfw)
My husband's spider bite. And yes he saw the spider actually bite him. He ended up having surgery to cut out the necrotic flesh. 
[x-post from WTF] Finger split open all the way down to bone/tendon
Infant falls 5 stories to his death, cracks skull
Deer through the windshield
2 murdered clowns that were found in a ditch by the road
Two girls accident in india
A friend was bit by a brown recluse spider in his sleep.
Man high on PCP peels his own face off with a shard of glass.
Cement Roller
Had a little to much fun this weekend (oc)
Nicole Brown Simpson (OJ's murdered wife)
Foot meets asphalt. (Motorcycle accident)
I hope he was dead beforehand. Fuck...
Friend got drunk and punched a window, this is his arm in the aftermath. (X-post r/wtf)
Head blown off by electric shock !!!
Aftermath of a man sucked into a jet engine [x-post from /r/WTF]
Suicide by ingesting hydrochloric acid
Firecrackers can be quite handy
What the inside of your leg looks like!
My cousin getting his arm and wrist fixed after a fall. Sorry for potato quality.
Undifferentiated Sarcoma of the Mouth... wonder what it tastes like
Flesh eating bacteria on my face. Enjoy. 
When a dirtbike rider doesent wear boots
Shotgun Makeovers.
Suicide in Aokigahara Forest
Wheel of Misfortune
A 20 year old was killed and had her head cut off by a jealous boyfriend.
If you steal drugs from this gang they make you chop off your fingers and chew on them.
Travis Alexander's autopsy photos, murdered by his girlfriend, Jodi Arias
I Sure hope those surgeons get paid extra for their troubles...
suicide bomb vest rearranges bomber's face [x-post WTF] nsfw/l 
Aftermath of the Bataclan massacre [NSFL]
Showed up on my FB! Man cut in half after head on collision with a truck and his car.
Brazilian children rapist and murderer, after attack by angry mob;
My friend fell on his leg skateboarding tore his artery and tendons in his leg
Stabbed in the neck
Stubborn planters wart
Blister gone necrotic
[Aftermath Photos] - Album of the Crash Scene from Helios 737-300 August 2005.
Jet impales head
Scooter Accident Head Crushed (Closed Casket for this one)
Guy's leg getting amputated
Guy cuts open his stomach and pulls out his intestines while high on meth, and is still alive. 
"My friend was sharpening a knife he made. It ""slipped"""
I got a pilonidal cyst removed. This is not how I wanted to spend my summer.
"Different angle of ""Cowboy hero"" and man with legs blown off. (NSFW)"
Kid takes an arrow to the eye
The body of a 6 year old girl whose legs were eaten by piranhas, she died hours later
The Syria children massacre - I make no bones about this one - its very distressing
(OC) my brother split his head open, while cycling down a mountain. He has recovered and has a gnarly scar
Knives
Anyone know what happened to this fella?
Brutal Le Fort Fracture
Roe deer in Norway found alive with maggots eating its forehead to the bone.
Gif(jpg) of the Fox New Suicide 
Will It Blend!?
My buddy's face after some asshole threw a roofing tile off the roof of a 3 story building hitting my buddy in the face. His eyes ok. Well it's fucked up but it still works and he won't lose it. Cops didn't do shit btw.
This is what my cat leaves on my doorstep in the summertime. [Animal Gore]
Child rapist killed in prison - Central-Western Brazil
My coworker was hit by a car while riding his bike
Guy dies after his small plane crashes [x-post from r/wtf]
Can't believe this happened when I fell in the shower
Pyramid of heads
This is how you diagnose an intracranial (subdural) hemorrhage during autopsy. [x-post r/WTF]
Miami Cannibal man attack victim: Before and After
Lovers quarrel ends in their deaths.
Swiss soccer player's finger ripped off [x-post r/WTF]
emergency thoracotomy
Accident on Indian road.
Excavator falls into an Amazonian river. Operator breaks glass to free himself and cuts hand, attracting Piranhas.
My grandson's backyard football injury today.
So there was climbing, and then...
Stranded plane crash survivors, who resorted to cannibalism, smile next to human spine
So my girlfriend got her arm ripped off in a car accident just over a year ago... (ALBUM)
Booger Brains
Decubitus Ulcer
Lathe Accident
Don't mess with a bull (xpost from wtf)
[OC] I had a botched tonsillectomy when I was 17. I snapped a picture en-route to the hospital.
Chris Farley's Dead Body
Broken ankle (x-post from WTF)
Newly married young woman cuts off the genitals of her husband with a blade
Car crash.
Right through the kisser. I have no sympathy for these people. The way they treat these animals is horrific
Watch your step. nsfw
Guys arm after being ran over by a truck.. twice
(x-post WTF) 18 lb. abdominal tumor
Went for a jog. Next minute I could see the inside of my knee.
And she's just 5.
So my friend slipped when using a boxcutter, sliced open his thumb and severed the tendon while doing so.
Disemboweled and tits chopped off
Nightmares
She had a pretty gray eye
Got knifed across the face
A Tribute to Trampoline Guy
Friends arm vs. fence
Shooting up in the same spot over and over was probably a bad idea.
Girl kills self in bath and is discovered days later
A friend had his arm hanging out of the car window and hit a dumpster
Skinned by a train?  x-post from /r/WTF
Severe Full-Body Radiation Burns
something to the face?
Thats a big splinter
Guy commits suicide at Las Vegas buffet, story in comments.
Child Molester in South America
"I ""toe""ld you something was rotten!"
My head after a run-in with the curb.
My buddy was in an accident last night. That's his ear bud in his head.
NSFW !!! This is what happens when you don't wear shoes in the weight room
Soccer Goalie After Jumping a Fence 
Degloving, caused by motorcycle vs bus accident.
This one is new to me and it's pretty awesome. Shotgun suicide.
Teenager loses arm to a pump jack
Guy trying to back up with leg hanging out of car
Some pictures from 9/11
Lawnmower Toe
Man beheaded by Syrian Rebels (x-post /r/WTF) NSFW
My neighbor's horse got caught in a wire fence, broke its leg and the skin ripped off the bone.
Why you should not open a bottle with your teeth. (X-post /r/WTF)
Untreated breast cancer (nsfw, nsfl pic).
I pissed off my sister's dog and lost a bit of my finger.
Guy learned the hard way to keep fingers out of the auto press while reloading ammo.
Face meets steel rod (X-post from /r/WTF)
A man who was hit crossing a freeway
[NSFW] A small dog cowers at her murdered owner's side
A chopped off and disfigured arm
Lawn mowing then this happened...
Degloved foot and skin (xpost /r/WTF)
man rips off wife's but with machete
Machete attack victim from Burma in 2012
Met a woman on holidays, told us she fell through shower glass while having sex.
Car accident arm...well what used to be an arm
So my mouse wasn't ready for motherhood and butchered her litter.[animal gore]
A body being cremated
(Nsfw) At work for 30 minutes. First call of the day. Warning: Gore
29th floor jumper
Old man suicide.
Dog rips penis off !! OMG
Had to remove my own toenail the other day.
He'll never walk again
Good bye balls
Cracked open skull after a motor scooter accident with no helmet
Photo set of the remains of a driver whose pickup was hit by a truck at high speed
Medical Gore: Facelift
I <3 You Sick Fucks
Why a 16 year old boy shouldn't be trusted with a boning knife
Who wants lollipop?
This is what happens when the dirtbikes throttle sticks open, and the rear tire is pinned against your leg.
I was informed that r/gore would appreciate this.  Happened to me the other night while I was at my warehouse job.
Man falls into flour grinder; He's still alive when help finally comes.
Facial Cancer leaves man with hole in his face
The result of cutting down mistletoe
Your face when you realize you have one more month of summer break.
Chest Trauma, pectoral muscles
Los Zetas drug cartel killing
Contact shotgun wound to the face
so yesterday I accidentally scalped myself.. story and photos inside (definitely NSFW)
Transgender Reassignment Surgery
Man Loses Arm to Alligator, South Carolina 2007
So, i had a little accident today...
A Little Gore Collection
Beheaded woman
Two gang members shot 63 times with an AK-47 while in their car. [NSFW] [NSFL]
Motorcylce accident
Where's his other half?
[ANIMAL] Some randoms from my gore folder. A few rare ones too!
Removing a mans hand that was caught in a coconut grinder
Now I know why gout is so painful! (Urate crystal in toe)
a kid kicked a bathroom stall door closed on my finger, resulting injury
Two guys drowned and found with skulls exposed!
Happy New Years Everyone!
Neglected Diabetic Foot
Farmer wears scarf due to barley allergy, costs him his life.
Woman gets killed while in the bed. Looks like the man hung himself in remorse right over her corpse too.
Shooting Krokodile
What was discovered in this dog's stomach postmortem (x-post r/wtf)
X post from spacedicks (yes I browse spacedicks) any backstory I was very curious i asked there but I was just called a faggot and got no answers
...What was she doing on that toilet??
brains spilled out (x-post /morbidreality)
cut part of my pointer finger off at my job back in February. Here are some pictures before surgery and 2 pictures of it now. it's healed very well!
Worst Smiley face ever..
Surgery for neck tumors
15 year old playing with grenade
Had a pre-cancerous spot removed today. It was deeper than they thought
Thoracotomy
Results of playing quick draw with a 357 while drunk
Ex-policeman and his wife were killed by mafia.
My hand was slammed in a door January 1st 2014. This is about a week later.
Youtuber Mordeth13 crashed his motorcycle, he lost half his hand since this picture was taken.
Table Leg Through Leg
Knife fight
Just a flesh wound
I finally got my Below the Knee Amputation
My fingers were crushed in a hydrolic door. Also you can see what they look like over a year later. 
No, Buddy! The stick, the STICK! [NSFW]
This appeared on my Facebook newsfeed earlier..
A week ago I tripped while mowing my lawn.
Issei Sagawa is a cannibal. This was his victim. (x/post from r/creepy)
An oldie but goodie: Paper shredder hand
Success! Removed webbed toe.
Human Palm without skin [xpost : /r/wtf]
Band's Vocalist's Dead Body After Suicide as Album Cover
The Hello Kitty band-aid was a nice touch
My elderly father's partial foot amputation due to diabetes.
The body of a rapist who had just been released from prison, he was found in a cane field with machete plus gun shot wounds and had been set on fire.
Florida Man Posts About Killing Wife on Facebook, With Picture
Archery Accident
Result of an arm caught between an F-18 and a forklift
Aftermath -Girl attacked by shark in brazilian beach
So I kind of burned my hand...
My dads toe amputation. Results of diabetes.
Cyclist's head flattened by cement truck (x-post from /r/wtf)
This is the largest nerve in the body that controls relay of motor and sensory function - broken in half.
Face ... on the ground
Fucked with a shotgun.
Decomposing Body in Bathtub 
WWII Gore: Soldier with arm blown off
Dissected Pregnant Woman
Girl cheats on a gang member.. this is the result NSFL [Repost from r/WTF]
A more detailed head trauma, MRI inside
A man who was run over while riding his bike
Two men were trying to repair the hydraulics on their truck, when the trailer (bed?) gave way and killed them both.
Tiger Apetizer
Friend got his hand caught in a piece of landscaping equipment. Thought you all would enjoy.
Autopsy of a pregnant woman
Man dismembered and cut in half.
I stubbed my toe on a table today
Nice to see someone happy in their work
Coffin Birth
25yr old woman run over and dragged for several miles
Brother of a 14 year old rape victim did this in India!
A cartel murder in Mexico. (x-post from r/wtf) was downvoted because they said it was too NSFL 
Worker gets a little to close to his job
Woman killed by toilet
So this guy washed up at my job the other day.
Elderly Russian man got his face eaten up by rats 
My friend filleted his hand while removing tint from his window [x-post from r/WTF]
The bloated corpse of a man who was found by a passerby
Bow hunting accident (x-post from /r/WTF)
My grandma tried to move a rock when it slid into another ripping her fingertip off
Chinese father squashed by truck, while his two kids remain sitting next to his dead body.
Guy blows hand off with a mortar at skatopia
Probably not a pose for myspace.
Mr potato head (Oldie but Goldie.)
Very NSFW! I never saw this before. Face off.
Face off
The Back Seat of JFK's Car - Aftermath
Rugby player Lachie Munro was caught in a tackle and nearly has his lip torn off (x/post r/rugbyunion)
I didn't even know this was possible.
My Girlfriend's cousin had an ski accident today. He will not be sitting on that butt for a while.
Lost Finger (NSFG) WTF advised I post this here! Enjoy!
Destroyed by Drunk Driver (x-post from /r/PlanetGore)
Animal Gore. Half eaten reindeer frozen standing upright (Posted this on creepy a few minutes ago, thought y'all might enjoy it to).
I guess my dad won't need make-up for a Halloween costume.
Scalping
Gruesome
Suicide in the backseat of a car.
A guy found within a fishing net somewhere at the East Coast of West Malaysia
An Indonesian girls decomposing body was located in her rented boarding house room. She was pregnant and had gone into labor, the birth caused massive bleeding which led to her death.
First time skiing! (mild for r/gore but actually my own injury)
He lost his arm in a workplace accident in Thailand
Baby's fingers fall off after arterial line insertion
Tibetan Sky Burial. (cross post)
Brain
Update: one week after I got my hand stuck between two rolls at work. Skin graft is a must now.
Headbutt gone wrong
Suicide by jumping off a bridge in Mexico
He just had to one up me when I said I smashed my thumb.
I do not fear death... I fear being so alone that my body is not found for months
Step on it
A lady who was recently divorced jumps from the 27th floor of a hotel. The body hit a sharp edge and fragmented into several pieces onto the pool deck.
[animal] My son ran over this black snake with a mower - there was a mouse in it's belly!
probably the worst stubbed toe I've seen... [x-post from r/wtf ]
X-Post from /r/WTF
Hope this doesn't ruin your day guys.
Unclaimed bodies awaiting cremation in New Delhi
Friend crushed her foot when they rolled an of road Gator in the desert.
Foot vs. Boat Propeller
Mangled by the propeller of a boat after falling overboard
Hand surgery
Palestinian father in hospital with his dead child...
Massive Album from 4chan. Mostly medical related gore. A lot of these I haven't seen. [2]
X-Post from WTF. Uncontrolled diabetes led to foot gangrene...this was the final result.
Not sure what happens here but know it doesn't belong on /WTF
Man caught by his wife cheating, she picked up the nearest thing and threw it at his face. Result on a meat cleaver to the face.
O_<
What it feels like to chew 5 gum.
My dog bit the tip of my finger off.
The Aftermath of a Water Cannon to the Face (German Protesters)
"""Oooh they're lovely! I'll take four to go"""
Explosive detonated too early in robbery attempt
Holy shit! Is that guy still alive? (NSFW)
One of my patients broken leg that got infected. (The man is 19 stone)
Baseball sized teratoma removed from a friends head. You can see hair growing out of it.
Lawn mowed, and so is the foot
Result of a local motorcycle accident. (Crosspost from /r/WTF)
At least he had a helmet. NSFW.
Woman jumped from hotel in Singapore
um
My brother in law had a fishing accident.
Buddy Slammed His Finger in a Walk-In Cooler
sisters boyfriend drunkenly fell into the fire a few weeks ago
Had a seizure, cut my knee on bathroom tile
I've seen people hit by a train, but I have never seen any one stuck in the train.
Suicide jump from 15th floor
Facebook says this picture doesn't violate their Community Standards... but boobs do.
Lathe Accident.
Machetes are fucking sharp.
Gore indeed
Massacre at a Nairobi mall
this is what testicular torsion looks like [x-post from /r/WTF]
So I stubbed my toe
Lawnmower Accident (x-post /r/WTF)
Be careful when playing volleyball....(xpost from r/WTF)
The decomposed body of a suicide victim who overdosed on prescription pills
Horse bit the end of my friend's thumb off
A man who was hit by train
A 26 year old Cambodian girl found hanged in her apartment
Adidas has a mindblowing new ad campaign
Crosspost from r/wtf- much too wtf!
Friend got into a fight at a party and got her leg sliced open by a broken bottle.
1.5 ton concrete panel fell onto dads foot
Stages of facial decomposition.
Sword to neck/head
Giant hydatid cysts, caused by tapeworms, removed from liver
Always sterilize your needles kids [X-post R/WTF]
Jumper Vs. Pole
Don't fly a kite with powdered glass-coated line
After pictures of my brothers biking accident
Priapism and subsequent penile gangrene. Can you determine the cause?
A friend got attacked by a dog when he was a kid...
Album of assorted pictures from the MH17 crash site
Smile!
Massive gash on the wrist
Self-inflicted shotgun wound to the head (shotgun barrel in the mouth)
Caucasian man severing glans penis with sharp knife
12 years ago my foot was crushed by a 400+ lbs boulder, and reconstructing using muscles from my abdomen and skin grafts from my thighs
My stapled-up abdomen 5-days after my appendix became radicalized and pulled a Jihad on the rest of my body NSFW
Friend sliced his thumb opening a box with scissors
This is my pops foot. I'll let you guess what happened.
Woman's ass cut off with machete after caught cheating (Rio De Janiero)
Snowboarding accident I had this morning, in ER now.
My friend had a table saw indecent the other day
Construction worker completely squashed by excavator.
Aborted baby found in a river
I see you!
This is what it looks like when a cart holding 30 tons of coal falls onto a coal miners leg.
On the phone with a friend when I hear him yell 'oh shit!'. Then I got this pic.
tried to open beer bottle with his mouth
The inside of a human hand [x-post r/WTF]
Machete face wound.
I fell on a gate and sliced my leg open... That's not peanut butter
13 yo w/ necrosis of the lower leg from a snake bite
Reckless driving
A Man vs. Wild producer was bit by a snake...
Face vs Eel (x-post /r/wtf)
I broke my jaw playing Rugby and needed a titanium plate put in
Explosive device blast lower limb injury
Prison riot in northern Brazil
Crossbow Suicide
Friend of mine broke his arm in a soccer game
Copper thieves try to steal a 13,200v live wire out of a conduit in downtown Dallas
/u/samanthakm9 found a photo of my mouth after oral surgery; just though I would share the right after and the few months after surgery photo.
Schizophrenic woman gouges eyes out from /r/WTF
I fought the saw and the saw won [NSFW]
Crazy bible basher posts pic of her 7 week miscarried fetus. Praises God for giving her something to bury. RIGHT ON MY FUCKING FB FEED!
Shotgun Suicide
A Thai girl who was killed by her stepfather
I cut my leg.
Hyena rips off a leg. [ANIMAL] (x-post from WTF)
Lost 100lbs. Had surgery to remove the excess skin. That'll leave a mark. (previously posted in r/pics)
;D
Hockey player goes face first into skate.
Failed shotgun suicide
Buddy's foot after a lawn mowing accident.
Man gets hit by truck, needed amputation
[NSFW] Neurosurgery in Cambodia (brains and other stuff)
Her ex husband attacked her with a machete severing her hand
This man was beaten and stabbed to death.
My friend sent me this he works in a public hospital
Don't wear sandals and ride a motorcycle
Gangrene at its finest
Beware of the grinder
Mother Murdered
My moms stomach. This is just below her belly button. 
[OC] My motorcycle accident. Broken femur, torn femoral artery, triple fasciotomy. Me looking as calm as a Hindu cow.
[NSFL] The corpse of Amedy Coulibaly, Paris Kosher Market Terrorist
Longboard stake at Mount Keira Australia
Lawn-mowers ATTACK!
Fresh meat
Whenever I hear about Fallujah, this is what I remember (NSFW) (NSFL)
Facial puzzle
My friend was in an atv accident
You should be careful around plate glass doors
Benito mussolini and mistress after their deaths
Why the world sauna championships were discontinued
Tornado victim
Maxillofacial surgery of a trauma victim
Don't play with firecrackers redditors.
Womans C-section splits. x-post /r/WTF
;D
Person I know went fishing, slipped down the bank and cut his foot up on Oysters
My father slipped and tore his shin open on some angle iron
This man fell from a height and left a very interesting blood spatter pattern
First Post: Some of the worst diseases.
X-Post from WTF. A twin that passed away but was left in utero until the other twin could be delivered safely.
Fell through a window. But seems to be in good spirits [X-post from /r/WTF]
The body of Teresa Wallin, 1978
Kevin Ware who?
Handgun suicide
A bed sore my friend has.
A 25yr old monk hanged himself and wasn't found for 4 to 5 days
"Brazilian Police said : ""rapist was dumped head first in river full of piranha fish"""
bad hand infection
Wing from an aircraft impales a guy's face (x-post fr. /r/WTF)
Well that's a no-brainer!
My sister was admitted to a mental hospital after doing this to herself
Dead in his hammock.
Mask
So my room mate cut half his thumb off today.
Boop
Ferrari Versus Alcohol
Why we use safety razors..
Friend sent this to me after my teacher took my phone. In an unrelated story my teacher took several days off after fainting and hitting her head on a desk, suffering a concussion.
Paint Me Like One of Your French Girls
My friend tried to make his own firework on New Year's Eve. It didn't work out so well. . .(x-post from /r/wtf)
Meth addict picked a sore all the way to the bone. (x/post from wtf)
Break glass like a boss
arm vs lathe
4 year old killed for his organs
Accident with firework artillery
Don't EVER piss on an electric fence.
Machete wound.... 
Took a little fall and bumped my head. Was told you guys would wanna see. (r/WTF x-post)
Opened Heads (x-post from /r/PlanetGore)
Flip flops on a motorcycle.
ARE YOU A BAD ENOUGH DUDE? (x/post from r/spacedicks)
Motorcyclist impaled on rebar
I see you
[ANIMAL] My dog found this on our walk this morning.
Hood ornament
Yet again......a shotgun suicide.
A guy's face 20 years after a tiger attack - and sadly it still looks gory... (xpost from /r/wtf)
My hand caught a ricochet.
Mild disfigurement and degloving of right hand.
Corpse eaten by rats
Hydrogen Cyanide poisoning.
Pay Up Sucker
Old Indian man had four rotten teeth extracted today at work.
[ANIMAL]Bear Mauling
Just another day at the office
This is why you don't trust wild animals
Two farmers crushed to death while cleaning a combine harvester
Human Atrocities I: Nippon Atomic Holocaust
Most brutal car crash ever. None survived
Cancer of the Penis
Woman killed when she rode her motorbike into a kite line that was across the road in Brazil
Chopped penis
Squished
Look at my cool fingernail, (repost because removed)
Uncles thumb almost got ripped off at work
It started out as a spider bite [x-post r/WTF]
Had a little accident at work [x-post r/wtf]
Second jumper in 5 days, same location in Singapore
Just your friendly neighborhood Zetas cartel well-wishers for the 5th of May
Mad husband found his wife cheating on him; this is what he did.
Rafida Ahmed, wife of Bangladeshi American writer Avijit Roy, stands next to his body after he was hacked to death in Dhaka, Bangladesh, 26 Feb. 2015. She was also wounded in the attack.
2nd degree burn healing nicely
three left dead in car crash, Face PEELED right off. Collision with fairly large invincible lorry.
Elementary school director has epilepsy and hits several children with his suv; kill fours and injures others Xpost wtf
Forced to eat her own face.
Arm was hanging out the window before a rollover.
scissors impale boy's face: injury and recovery
"Colleague phoned me from another premises to let me know he was going to hospital because he had ""cut his hand"". [GORE]"
I'm back with another hole in another one of my uncles
The mutilated face of Emmit Till. He was beaten to death after whistling at a white woman in the 1950s. His mother wanted to have an open casket funeral so everyone could see the horrors of racism. 
Grandma, what a big brain you have..
[NSFW] Don't wear sandals on a 4-wheeler
Egyptian Protester Grasps for Air Despite Hole in Head
Sliced
suicide via rifle
Victim of a Headhunter tribe in the Philippines
Corneal lacerations caused by user scratching her eye with acrylic nails. 
Construction worker found beheaded during his shift
Autopsy of a Drug Smuggler.
Longest prolapse I've ever seen
Hole left in penis after Circumcision
Just gonna leave it here...
Remember our good friend from a few months ago?
Dutch girl broke her nose while going out by a randomly thrown wine bottle. Father gives away 2500 for the name of the person who threw it.
Machete to the head
Don't know the story but this looks like some serious self harm
Doctor screwed up my surgery and left me with this hole in my leg.
Friend tried to cheer me up after a chainsaw accident. Actually funny, but couldn't post there.
[ANIMAL] One of our heifers had her uterus entirely prolapse after she gave birth. She died as soon as the vet got it back in.
Guy drove through a Taco Bell (x-post from r/wtf)
Better throw this one back.
My friend just fell off his bike
Pregnant Lawyer Commits Suicide with .357 Revolver
A father grieving for his lost son
Husband had finger nearly severed while repositioning a pull-up bar
thief vs pit bull
So. A friend of mine kicked her glass door in. This is the results.
My leg after being tboned by a car on my motorcycle
This is why you don't get on a motorcycle in flip-flops.
Bike rider's legs blown off
What happens when a skin graft doesn't take. This is my sister, she has Rhabdomyosarcoma.
Sam Dubose
Shotgun to the face, tis but a flesh wound...
Soldier with no face
My aunts foot after getting some warts removed.
Never forget 4-20-1999
I cut my leg.
A man who was almost decapitated with a machete by his friend after they had an argument
Autopsy pics of three people who died after colliding with boat propellers.
Boston Marathon Explosion
New Yorker run over by National Guard. (X-post from /r/carcrash)
A mechanic gets sucked into a jet's engine and becomes human puree.
Stubbed my toe this morning
this man's skull was crushed in. at least his eyes were okay. NSFW NSFL
Prosthetic joint with antibiotic beads
Little repair job for my buddy turns into a BIG repair job ON my buddy (fuck grinders)
An open minded post
The remains of a hit and run victim, incident occurred March 12th 2015 in Thailand
"Satanist stabs lead singer of death metal band ""Surrender of Divinity"" 30+ times for not being ""Satanic enough"". (Article in the comments)"
Forklift accident. (OC)
How it feels to chew 5 Gum
Necrosis of the thumb from a snakebite
My friend slipped with his box cutter
Tienanmen square massacre head blown open
The damage done to a boys hand from fireworks in Thailand (xpost /r/wtf)
Protester killed in clashes with Police. WTH kind of injury is this?
Well it ain't Rocket Science...
9/11 jumper aftermath, north tower limo entrance
This is why you always wear a helmet
BMX accident. Asphalt ground into the wound.
Sky Burial (Album)
The effects of krokodil
Chick cuts open her stomache, makes huge gash, fingers gash then sutures it up.
"The ""This looks like the worst day ever"" post .... lead me to find this"
"A scum bag I work with came to work this morning high on k2 and ended up putting his finger in a fan pulley.  
Needless to say it cut/ripped it off and the tendon is still attached. "
"Friend of mine posted on Facebook that he accidently cut ""just the tip"" of his finger off... this is not what I envisioned for some reason."
knee prosthesis surgery on a cadaver
His organs have been forced out through his head after he was run over.
Pop Eyed
Arm almost chopped off
Gruesome ankle injury by a friend at the Airwalk trampoline place [x-post from /r/WTF]
Woman crossing street gets run over, head brutally smashed
My friend the mechanic dropped his impact wrench on his hand after a bolt broke off.
Russian farmer killed and partially eaten by grizzly bear inside home
Saw this on fb; medical gore is my favorite.
Football ref in Brasil decapitated by an angry mob after stabbing a player on a pitch
chop chop chop chop
Sian Green's severed foot
Deep chest laceration
[ANIMAL] Seal vs train
I pulled this out of my nose, what is it?
Egypts Rabaa Massacre [4 images]
Got my hand caught in some steel rolls at work. This is the aftermath.
Friend's kid was playing in a tree today and somehow got a stick stuck in his leg.
My best friend's step-daughter was in an ATV accident earlier today. Had the object she hit been sharp, her arm would have been severed. More in comments....
My friends hand after falling in a hot tar puddle
You will regret seeing this
Chemical burn to the face
"looks like my patient was ""stuck up"""
Civilian police guard committed suicide after killing his girlfriend in Brazil
Priorities
tl;dr : I'm dumb when scary things happen to me...
"Got a notification from my smart home app in the middle of the night saying ""Your doorbell detected a visitor""."
The bow of this sunken ship looks like a giant fish's mouth.
Let me walk you through the CREEPIEST, CRAZIEST crime scene ever...
My friend took this pic in Chile, when the volcano was erupting. Looks very eerie...
"""Necropants"" (pants made from human skin) on display in the Museum of Icelandic Sorcery and Witchcraft."
Spider eyes taken with a microscope camera
Friend was digging in garden. Iris root looked like dead baby foot.
This was my walk at university...
This abandoned hospital had a visitor last night
An Abandoned church in the Czech Republic filled with......Ghost statues
Found some friends in a mile-long tunnel that travels beneath my apartment building.
People Who Live On This Island Kill Anybody Who Tries To Come Ashore
Famine Memorial in Dublin
You probably shouldn't swim in the ocean at night.
I think her mirror is broken...
I work at a state park. Was exploring one of the abandoned buildings and decided to check out the bathroom. I promptly shit myself.
A spider washed down my drain and when I tried to take a picture there was something else staring back
Mummified body of German adventurer who vanished is found inside drifting yacht
Man prints a photo of his face on photo paper and places it in a jar with green water to scare his wife on Halloween
Xylaria polymorpha, commonly known as dead man's fingers, is a saprobic fungus.
What the storm brought to the French shores
Cthulhu Rising
Mussolini's headquarters
Realistic Venom
Serial killer Joseph Metheny who owned a burger stand and claimed to have sold burgers with his victims' flesh
Never seen anything like these trees in my local cemetery.
Today i'm moving, so I decided to leave a little present for the next tenants.
I heard my violin strings being plucked one night as I laid alone in the dark. Full of anxiety, I mustered up my courage, jumped off my bed and flashed a picture, hoping to capture a shot of my spooky, musical intruder. I succeeded.
Why wait till 1955 - We might not even be alive
"I always wished they would create a new ""Scary Stories to Tell in the Dark"" book. So I created one myself. Here are a few illustrations from ""Nightmare Soup."""
The Eternal Wait
9000 year old stone mask found in the Judean hills in Israel
Diver kneels under sunken Russian destroyer
Noticed this when walking past a river in Copenhagen
'Invisible' statues in Scottish forests made from acrylic plexiglass, by Rob Mulholland
Just rented a new place. Previous tenant left the wall mirror...and a dirty secret!
"A passenger posted this on Facebook right before he boarded Malaysia Airlines MH17. It reads ""If it disappears, this is what it looks like."""
My toddler while I'm trying to use the bathroom
Giant anaconda in the Amazon River (xpost from /r/pics)
Had to walk by this in my building at 3AM.
Hello there. I was expecting you
If this place isn't haunted that's a goshdarn waste
Sword handle made from human femur
An aid worker sprays the corpse of a man killed by Ebola with disinfectant. Looks like something out of The Stand.
corpse of Italian WW1 soldier emerges from the glaciers of Northern Italy as climate heats up
A Mongolian Woman Condemned to Die of Starvation, 1913.
I think my dog needs an exorcist
Coraline's Other Mother Cosplay
Witch doctor, India
Caskets are coming out of the ground near baton rouge
The Asaro Mudmen of Papua New Guinea have some terrifying masks
Here a painting I did for creepy comics :)
"My wife heard her name being whispered ""Naa-taa-shaa.."" she looked at the baby monitor to find our son like this."
The inside of a Leatherback Turtle's mouth is the thing nightmares are made of...xpost /r/pics
"Mushroom called ""devil's fingers"" looks like a hand reaching out of the ground"
Took a picture of the 4th street bridge. Had no idea my friend and I were being watched for the 20 minutes we were under the bridge (X-Post /r/ITAP)
The jacana carrying its babies
Top 10 All-Time submissions for /r/ImaginaryHorrors.
Executioner's mask, Tower of London
This was once a home. Maybe it still is.
Relaxing by the river.
Scarecrow at the far end of the field
Reflections
Danish Special Forces
I took this long exposure shot of a pumpkin as my lense unknowingly fogged up
I live on the second story and a painter made me almost crap my pants when i woke up this morning
Early diving equipment
skull of a horse with cyclopia from 1841
Angels by Peter Mohrbacher
Mauled by Big Bad Wolf (toilet paper/fake blood)
Happy Happy Joy Joy!!!
A house I pass on the way to work has this sculpture in its yard. Its about 8 feet tall.
Taken recently on a country road in the Appalachian Mountains of West Virginia near Bluefield.
Plague doctors
I find this statue of Shiva, nearly submerged in Indian floodwater, somehow very unsettling
Underwater memorial to Jesuit missionaries who were travelling from Portugal to Brazil in 1570, dismembered and murdered by pirates before being thrown overboard.
Noonwraith The Witcher 3 Cosplay
Found in my younger sister's notebook
Exploring an underwater sea cave when suddenly...
Message from a Dead Scientist
1715 diving suit
Nerves.
abandoned Beelitz military hospital, Germany. Hitler was treated there.
Bodies from Pompeii.
P.T (Silent Hill) inspired costume.
I've been told this belongs here - a photo I took at a fireworks display looks eerily like the beginning of an alien abduction.
Just a chair sitting at the bottom of the ocean
Under water shit weirds me out
The Sarcastic Fringehead
World War I Splatter Mask for Tank Crews
My girlfriends mother found this in a field while she was out for a walk in the Czech Republic. Scarecrow perhaps? This thing gave me shivers...
Blood vessels of the head
Cosplay
From the Guillermo del Toro collection
Six Flags Jazzland, New Orleans. Abandoned after Hurricane Katrina.
Coraline's Other Mother Cosplay
I painted the child eating God Kronos.
Some guy at our school wrote this today. We all went home.
umm, skipping this one on the trick or treat circuit
1000 ft hole covered by only a thin sheet of ice
Scarecrow fx makeup I did. Medical Gauze / Thick Paper towel, Liquid Latex, bruise wheel palette, and scab blood. 
Real-Life LEGO MiniFig (CreepyFig)
#justriverthings
Sometimes that abandoned house has a dead body in it [NSFW]
Seen in a restaurant in Texas
vintage halloween costume
TIL that 40+ years ago a boy constructed a suicide helmet that fired 9 shotgun shells into his head simultaneously.
A picture from the Victorian era of two parents with their dead daughter in the middle. Notice how sharp the image of the daughter is compared to the parents, it was impossible for the living to hold perfectly still long enough for the shutter to cycle.
A screaming mummy.
The inside of a Gooses mouth
Cloak of Conscience
Death's-head Hawkmoth
For my birthday my sister got me a stillborn pig fetus with green calcite growing on it.
Found this doll face in my driveway, I have no idea how it got there.
A rabbit carcass floating underwater
Illustration of Baba Yaga by Aeron Alfrey
Skull of Joesph Merrick a.k.a Elephant Man
Soap Lady: died of yellow fever, exhumed in 1870s
Dude from my FB dug through his crawl space...found some bones. Turns out to be human. Context in comments
This tattoo...
A goblin shark of 18-20 feet long was captured by Carl Moore, a shrimp fisher, off the coast of Key West in Florida. This is only the second member of this species ever caught in the Gulf of Mexico. (It was alive before and after this picture was taken.)
9,000 year old stone mask from the Judean Desert
Strange dirt formation on my car looks like people hanging
Pile of bison skulls from the 19th century bison hunts
Terrors of the Deep by Bacius9
This guy dressed as The Penguin
Slept over my moms house last night and this scared me more then I would like to admit
Do you wanna build a WTF?
Hell themed cafe in Paris
My brother made this christmas abomination as a child
Photographer Raymond Depardons inside look at Italian insane asylums
Sleep Paralysis
Seaweed in the waves
The Sandman by Brian Bolland
Hey kids, want some ham?
Bone cancer
Coconut crab can grow to be over 1 meter across
I Make Monsters - Completed My First Commission
Babadook
The Beautiful and Horrific Artwork of Zdzisaw Beksi
Ancient copper miner, covered in copper. Possibly NSFW. xpost /r/MineralPorn
Stuck behind the worlds sketchiest truck in traffic the other night. Yes those are air holes drilled in the door.
Shadow looks like a hanging man
Ok...
Santa
Just a reminder that these exist in USA waters.
My wife asked if I wanted to see the creepiest doll in her collection. I was not prepared...
My dog has the creepiest smile.
Brain and spinal cord
Picture I took of my friends in an abandoned house (x post from r/itookapicture)
My own personal Final Destination
P.T (Silent Hill) inspired costume.
Another head hunter
As if being sick as a kid wasn't scary enough...
This year's jack-o-lantern is aging well...
I was wading the creek, fishing for smallmouth bass, when I stepped onto a small island and nearly tripped over this chupacabra carcass
A rat king is an extremely rare phenomenon in which rats become intertwined at their tails. This is the largest known mummified rat king, consisting of 32 rats.
My Aunt claimed that as a little girl, a woman with long, stringy black hair would visit her window at night and scratch on the glass. She maintains that it's true til this day. Here's a rendition of that story.
Davy Jones' Drinking Fountain
A photo of my son turned out...wrong.
Tibetan Kapala skull
Hyper realistic wood carving
Abandoned prison barber shop
I have The Ring in my basement
This man suffocated several children then ate their hearts and livers in Thailand. He was caught and hanged in the 50s, then his corpse was dipped in paraffin and posed in a museum.
Who wants to give me a hug for Halloween?
Police are investigating this hole that was found near my area.
Ku Klux Klan picture from 1868
Last year I asked reddit what mask was, hands down, the most frightening mask they could find... and this won. This year, I want to recreate another masterpiece. Any suggestions, that can beat this one?
My four year old was crying into his blanket and left this face.
Random creepy picture
I do this for a living, and this the type of thing I have nightmares about.
Graffiti in a mental hospital
Photographer Dad Creates Horror Photos Together With His Daughters
On Google Maps Street View, if you go to the scene of the Zodiac Killer's first crime, you can see the Zodiac Symbol spray painted on a sign. Location: 38541.61N 122838.24W
This is what lives in the deepest parts of the ocean. Looks like something out of a horror movie
A sea of eyes.
Traffic has come to a dead stop
I make these little creepy creatures
My mom had some bushes removed from her yard after 24 years there and this was hiding underneath
Ice storm makes North Georgia look something out of an apocalypse movie.
A statue in Turing's Gate, Ireland
Man trying to cover his face, Pompeii
A feast of crows.
I do practical effects and sfx makeup. This is one of my favorite wounds I've made.
The Candyshop
Mom was going through old photos of me
My dog watching me shower.
My 10-year old daughter last Halloween.
Spectral Photography
I shot an old fenced off motel in the ghost town of Amboy CA. I noticed later that one room looks to have blood spatter on the walls.
Navajo man dressed up as nayenezgani spirit
Sillouette
Storage
The monsters of Berserk
Found these weird (grave?)stones almost completely buried under moss and grass in the park near my house.
An ominous figure sitting near the cliff-side at Lake Como, Italy [OC].
This creepy statue at a local machine shop.
Mum knits a life size son in placement of her real one
Awesome and slightly creepy sand head
Footprints in an abandoned nuclear reactor
"Dden (""Death"") by Janis Rozents. 1897 Rarely see Death depicted in white and it\'s spooky"
A Cold War Era bunker, built 26 feet underground and equipped to support a family for a year in the event of a nuclear missile strike.
Abandoned Russian mine (x-post /r/interestingasfuck)
Abandoned chapel in a foggy cemetery.
Go no farther [x-post from /thedepthsbelow]
It was a joy for someone
Children in an iron lung before the advent of the polio vaccination (1937)
"A suspicious white van was reported driving around my hometown, stopping to talk to kids but speeding away when adults showed up. The sheriff's department posted this on their Facebook as the ""Suspect Vehicle""."
The Two Thousand Yard Stare
The Tickle Monster
This is the mummified corpse of Si Quey, the most famous serial killer of Thai history. He was captured and executed by hanging in 1950. After the autopsy, the corpse was filled and covered with paraffin wax to preserve it.
My cousins son has been photocopying his toys and leaving the pictures all over the house
Artist suffering from schizophrenia would draw what she saw on her walls.
"Message left at murder scene by ""The Lipstick Killer"" William Heirens"
My dad posts things like this to my facebook timeline
A kid someone went to high school with shoots creepy pictures...
The black swallower. This is a real fish.
If you mirror Tommy Lee Jones' Two-Face, it comes out scary as hell
Now we wait........... Muaaahahahahahaha
My friend caught this guy in town yesterday
Found on a walk in the park
Fenrir Greyback portrait from the Harry Potter Creature Vault book
Children tree
Notice
Ophiocordyceps Unilateralis - A type of fungi that kills ants from within
Circus Dwarf, Palisades, New Jersey, 1958 (X-post Historyporn)
My Mom and her family in 1948 - they look like fucking serial killers....
Guess I wasn't home alone all of last night. Woke up this morning and found this out of my patio door...
The Shining
The Dead Children's Playground.
A guy from my town murdered an 18 year old girl at Mt. Cheaha the other day. He posted this picture on Instagram hours before (article in comments)
Mom sent me to the store last night and I started feeling a horrible vibe the closer I got. Then this is what I found upon arriving. I actually couldn't bring myself to go in.
Giant Monkfish
I see your friend's old Easter picture and raise you my friend's equally creepy old Easter picture.
Carved Pearls
My girlfriend was taking a panorama of our room and I changed just at the right time
A human brain with no ridges
Walking back to your hotel room, when you realize that you are facing a clock tower with torture chamber beneath, and across the street was the house where Vlad the Impaler, a.k.a. Draculae, is said to have been born in 1431.
It's just... unsettling (x-post /r/scp)
My friend's childhood halloween costume is perfect.
why is it wearing an apron
Plague doctors
This Paisley Abbey Gargoyle
I'm feeling . . . happy. Which is a big deal for me.
Stephen King standing at the gate of his house in Bangor, Maine.
Art in a local mental hospital in Germany
Collection of masks designed to protect doctors from the plague
Imaginary friend?
Photographer swims with massive anaconda
A Norwegian artist using dead hands to finger-paint his masterpieces....
Person found this photo when checking their GoPro after surfing.
Watching a Zombie film. I turn towards my sons monitor and screamed. Wife almost wet herself...
"The ""Haserot Angel"" of Lakeview Cemetery in Cleveland, Ohio"
Foggy house
Taken at the bottom of the suicide cliffs in Okinawa, Japan.
Darkness has fallen
Have a seat, we've been expecting you...
TIL Yoko Ono used John Lennon's blood stained glasses from the day he was shot as a prop for her album art.
My mom had this made for her jewelry and I'm starting to question her sanity.
I put a double exposure I took into the Google Deep Dream thingy and this was the result.
This changed my outlook on life.
When feeling alone, remember that Demodex is always with you, in your eyelashes.
This birthday party.
sometimes you should just leave the exposure dial in Lightroom alone... that's just a reflection, right??
The lighting at a school by my house made it look like aliens were landing
Samurai
The statue being swallowed by a tree
Girl and chicken face swap
Weirdest thing I've ever seen in Times Square
Delivering pizzas at 2am and this just scared the shit out of me...
Play with me, Edward
Mother centipede cradles her young
Today is a glorious day. He has arisen.
The Huldra. Norwegian maiden of the forest.
Abandoned Tree Farm
Unpacking human skulls
Gas Masks For Babies Tested At An English Hospital, 1940.
Condemned duplex directly beside my best friends duplex was forced open last night. We went in just to check it out, got much more than we bargained for.
Interesting little statues
It dug its fangs into my rubber gloves the second I picked it up.
Parking lot inhabitant
Children during the Chechnya bombings
I'd stay away from Springfield if I were you...
Creepiest urinal I've ever had the chance to pee in.
The sculptures adorning my apartment building are kind of unsettling
Cyborg Vampire
My biggest fear..
I will never put on a pair of gloves the same anymore
An abandoned Hungarian lake village.
Sparrow, Oil on board, 18x24in (x-post r/art)
He knows when you are sleeping........
Abandoned bowling alley.
We all float down here...
A local man from the 1950's who dressed as an alien to scare people by running across the road.
Vulture chick
Fb friend's dog looks eerily human.
The Haunted Hotel del Salto...
What Lies Under The Surface...
A forest in Transylvania.
The Fog
We bones, lying here, for yours we wait
There for you
Witch hunt
1947 18-Window Frankenstein Buick Hearse
A friend said that my winter riding gear made me look like a creepy mannequin.
Abandoned Home in New Orleans
I've been told this photo would make a good poster for a horror movie.
Reef of Heads
Just found out that they have teeth like us
I pulled into the driveway and my heart jumped
Inside the home of Anatoly Moskvin - He dug up the graves of at least 150 little girls. He would then dress them up and hold parties for them in his home.
Creepy figure at the abandoned Edgewater Medical Center in Chicago
Old underwater photo
A friend an I snuck in a abandoned research facility. Into the darkness we go...
My wife just found this sitting on her father's bed.
Holes
Kumpan Alexandr
My friend and I found a puppet store in NYC's meat packing district.
Sea Urchin Eye. Looked at the fish tank in my dentists office. I almost pissed myself.
The crawl space beneath John Wayne Gacy's home where he buried 26 of his victims
Gas mask abandoned school in Pripyat -16
This doll in my garden
Abandoned house, Detroit
Took a walk in the woods yesterday, didn't see a soul. Look in the tree hollow...
I think I picked a bad place to turn around...
Siamese twin dolls for sale in an art store
Wizard of Oz - the true story
So my parents just moved into a new house and found this on the ceiling in one of the bedrooms. I know which room I won't be staying in.
"Wife and I went to get a ""4D"" ultrasound of our unborn child. Saw this picture. Changed our minds."
This billboard in the N64 game California Speed
Abandoned roller coaster in Japan
The photography is beautiful and all, but this is one of my worst nightmares.
Found this today. I was amused and terrified.
Ever seen a baby alie--uh, I mean, sloth fetus? (x-post from /r/wtf)
This crematorium's furnace looks hungry
so I saw this human roller coaster while in North Korea...
Ever seen a live scallop?
Baby spiders on their recently deceased mother
A Calcified Eagle, Immortally Perched Next to Lake Natron, Tanzania.
Relic of the first documented possessed nun
WHy I'm scared of the ocean
Baby masks are just fucked.
Old house at the end of the street.
Rediculously Photogenic Skeleton
Fred and Rosemary West: two of the most notorious killers in modern history.
Ed Gein's crime scene photographs. Aka psycho, aka texas chainsaw massacre.
This was on the side of my friends house, scared the crap out of me
"The Craigslist ad described it as ""Definitely the coolest couch you'll see."" I just gawked in horror."
The inside of a gas chamber at the Dachau concentration camp
New robot surgeon that goes in through the mouth
Man stands in front of weather cameras & waits for them to take a picture
Who wants to sit on the clown's lap?
Tree root looks like arm of a buried person.
The Lollyshop
This turned up in the yard while making a garden...
Wolves in sheep's clothing...
School kids recieving their vitamin D in Soviet Russia.
Entrance to death row at San Quentin prison
The haunting photography of Gregory Crewdson
In broad daylight - NSFL
Shadow
I came home for lunch today and now I'm never going to sleep again
I don't remember Teletubby's being this scary as a kid!
The Man That Follows Me
A photo from my trip to the cemetery today.
Recreation of Jack the Ripper's last victim
Can you sense it as well?
Mum can't let go of the baby she miscarried. (nsfw) (reposted from /r/sadcringe/)
Exploring an old house, as I come across the stairs...
I was driving down a woodsy back road in the mountains when I saw something out the corner of my eye.
British Soldiers in WW1 walking through a dead forest
Terrifying Vintage Clown
Spider webs envelop a picnic table in Victoria, Western Australia
This Mannequin
I live in an old house from the 50s on a military base... I heard my 2 month old laugh through our monitor. Freaked me out when I turned the display on.
Artist uses clay to sculpt human faces onto taxidermed animals
WHAT IN THE NOPE!?!?
Another sleep paralysis experience
Decomposing body in Japan's Suicide Forest
Squirrel in a tree
Random creepy pictures
Exposed animatronic
Creepy detail in a 16th century fresco cycle
My uncle on Halloween... nailed it
Ominous noose hangs hauntingly from private Christian University prayer tower.
I was driving by this abandoned shop and snapped this pic. Look at the square like cutout. Pacific Ave Wildwood, NJ
I made my own version of the Donnie Darko mask.
How to spot a psychopath...
Prison of the Mind
Abandoned building in Poland
Renting a house for the summer. Just found this in the backyard. Do I dare?
A peek in the life of patients in a psychiatric facility back in the day. Real people, real pictures.
Abandoned Oz Theme Park
Found this on my cousins Facebook page.
These shadows painted in abandoned psychiatric hospitals by street artist Herbert Baglione
This abandoned mental hospital.
Nice pic for the volcano in Chile.
The moment you realized that exploring wasn't fun anymore
The Haunted Hotel Of Colombia (xpost/woahdude)
I work in a state forest, driving around late at night gets creepy. This startled me a bit. (More info in comments)
A local bus station in England with walls covered in blood writing (x-post from WTF)
I just found evidence that there are miniature head hunters in my garden.
The eyes that saw a nuke
I came across this in Philadelphia last night.
Saw this piece of artwork at a friend's house. Absolutely loved it.
"My aunt is still making ""life-like"" dolls but they're now looking a little.....lifeless."
The demon that visits my best friend almost nightly through sleep paralysis
Some of my artwork depicting a couple of phobias
Forgotten train tracks and tunnel on the outskirts of Tokyo.
Swimmers Beware
Creepy McDonald's art
Dare you...
Owlman, the Lord Of Tears.
So I was walking in a forrest near my city and found this
Return the slab
Wet sloths are terrifying (xpost from r/sloths
David Hahn, aka The Nuclear Boy Scout, made a small reactor in his mother's garden as a child. In 2006 he was arrested for stealing smoke alarms for their radioactive materials, his mugshot shows him covered in sores as a result of his extensive exposure to radiation.
Sir Charles Bell's portrait of a soldier dying of tetanus.
"Waverly Hills Sanitorium ""Death Chute"""
I live near an abandoned hospital, here are some pics.
THE HEART OF ACCUSED VAMPIRE AUGUSTE DELAGRANGE. HE WAS SAID TO HAVE KILLED AT LEAST 40 PEOPLE IN THE EARLY 1900S.
My tv has been doing this for the past hour
Half eaten reindeer preserved standing in ice (Xpost r/woahdude)
no more room in hell
I find this make-up incredibly disturbing.
House on the hill
Since y'all liked Minnie Mouse so much, here's Donald Duck
Found on a quiet residential street. Good morning?
At the mountains of madness. [Palermo catacombs]
Wild boar in Norway
My sister spotted this tree growing outside a retirement home in Sussex
Just Lock The Doors And Keep Driving
Hey pig, piggy pig, pig pig. All of my fears came true
Scary stories to see in the dark
Met a new friend on my walk home last night.
Praying Mantis
Does Jay Jay the Jet Plane belong here?
Don't Go Outside, They Will See You.
This was Brazil's version of Barney (character aimed at children) in the 80s. His name is Fofo.
Prince of Orange Rene de Chalons died in 1544 at the age 25 from wounds sustained in battle. His widow commissioned sculptor Ligier Richier to represent him offering his heart to God, set against the painted splendour of his former worldly estate. Church of Saint-Etienne, Bar-le-Duc
Clown in water (X-Post /r/Thalassophobia)
Found this on my way home. Walked past at this shop with a really weird setup. I have no idea what am I looking at.
Pariss Hells Cafe from 19th-century.
Daughter had an assignment for world history to make a coat of arms, here's the result
Pug skull
comes from the unknown!!
A model of the human nervous system
The fog
The tortured wreck of SS America, lost in a thunderstorm and run aground in Fortaventura in 1994
A friend was at a baby shower today. This was the cake.
Giant little-girl marionette
The decoration of this church are real bones.
Face Swap.
Bee syrup?
Death Bridge
Tooth Fairy
Rat found in Dr.Pepper, just look at him staring at you.
Inside a sex doll factory
I went exploring in some sewers and stumbled upon cannibal graffiti.
The window pane's shadow on this picture I took of my brother
That's grim
So sad and eerie
Skinwalker/Deer Woman Effigy
Shell shocked soldier, 1916
Abandoned Belgian chateau
Child's Gas Mask
Watching You life flash before your eyes
Concept Art for Transient Man graphic novel by Justin CORO Kaufman
I turned around and this girl was watching me
Unedited picture of a nuclear reactor core
Unmarked graveyard at the top of an Appalachian trail
Sometimes you read some really trippy stuff on here
This is what I saw when I closed my son's bedroom door.
The real Spiderman
Photo I took the end of last year in Oregon - I always think I see something in it now
The statue being swallowed by a tree
A friend and I visited an old, abandoned house deep in the woods
Can you sense it as well?
Children have all their adult teeth in their skull and it looks freaky
There's a lot of things that are unsettling about this
The Stargazer Fish
Huge ventriloquist blowout sale!
Crazy things you can do with a lil' fake blood and one leg
These African statutes. (X-post from /r/WTF)
Had this fella following me home today (Kentuck)
Mantis beheading a lizard while staring at the camera
Please tell me that is your shy daughter.
Abandoned mineshafts in Rosia Montana, Romania
Cement shoes
From Beneath (x-post from /r/ImaginaryLeviathans).
"My grandmother asked her classmates to sign her graduation portrait (Class of ~1956). One student wrote ""(missing)"" after his name. He disappeared the next day and nobody saw him ever again."
Buddy took this while on storm checking lines out in the woods
Annabelle from The Conjuring/Annabelle disguise
Fanged 'blackfish' - A new specie discovered in volcano on ocean floor. (Australia) [x-post /r/BeAmazed]
My wife made this vase, doesn't understand why we need to burn the house down, and it, to be safe
According to local reports, the dolls appeared out of no where during rush hour at commuting hot spots all around London
Found more babies of these things under the house a few days ago
Woke up to a loud banging sound coming from my front door. Found this. I live in the country without neighbors.
Australian plain cigarette packaging face.
Somebody found this on Google Maps. I wonder if it's some type of glitch.
Tree roots. Right?
Imagine being in a water tank with this beluga whale that apparently speaks
Pickled human face
Cats have... hands.
Tree root
And whatever walked there, walked alone....
Well this place looks inviting
This door in the basement where I work...
I won the scariest costume award at my school last Friday!
My aunt's apartment is at the end of this hall.
Creepy painting in abandoned mental hospital
Body cast of a victim of the Vesuvius eruption of 79 AD. This victim was probably at the docks waiting for a boat out of town when the pyroclastic flow reached him. [x-post from /r/artefactporn]
No batteries required...
A volunteer demonstrates how the dead crows were presented to the live crows during Swift and colleagues' experiments.
The Big Bad Wolf by Blaz Porenta.
Church and graveyard in the mist
This shadow on this wall resembles a woman who just hung herself
Self surgery
Matilda the Alien-Eyed Cat is raising awareness about spontaneous lens luxation and spreading love.
The Real Tooth Fairy [X-Post /r/halloween]
This yeti creeping around Boston in the storm
"One of the many corpses that remain on Mount Everest. This one is known as ""Green Boots"". (x-post /r/pics)."
On April 1st 1977, Edward Nylander sent this photograph of himself to friends. His body was found ten days later in a cave in Colorado, sitting in the same pose as his photo, skull in lap. He had set himself on fire.
They came back last night....
Tacua Speciosa - Asian Cicada
Contemporary photography creeps me out (album)
Guillotine in a German detention center at Pozna, Poland (1945)
Looks legit
Look into a crematory furnace
Beautifully eerie gemstone skull
Skulls on driftwood
We thought we were on a innocent trip to our local mountain when I saw this photo...
An unknown number texted me this photo. Whelp... Goodbye everyone
camping in the land of Nope
"""The Invisible Empire"""
Do you know the horrors that happened where you're standing?
The way this cemetery cherub statue has weathered.
Statue of Lucifer in old church, by Artist Paul Fryer
Dark drawing
No one, but no one, does childhood nightmares better than Roald Dahl.
An abandoned church with a few lingering parishioners, Netherlands
Why... Just why?
The Real Little Mermaid
Goodbye childhood.
This just formed in my lava lamp... Wtf
two faced
Devil Bank - image in the marble of a local bank. Rumor is they replaced the marble and the image returned.
Behemoth from The Mist
What the...
This decapitated ventriloquist's dummy used to scare the shit out of me when I was little
My cousin bought her daughter this ventriloquist dummy a few months ago and sometimes she posts pictures of him that are supposed to be cute but they're actually nightmare inducing. This is Slappys first birthday.
Hand made to look torn and disfigured by using makeup
shit gets me every morning
Creepy art by Don Kenn
I think my sister's ultrasound deserves to be here.
Into the deep blue forest!
Tickle me Elmo without fur
This duck, with saw teeth.. The Goosander
The Clearing
Japanese fighter pilot lifted from Pearl Harbor after crashing in his burning plane.
I see your loggerhead turtle mouth and raise you a penguin mouth
These books used to scare me as a child but I loved em.
Found under a bridge while exploring Amsterdam
How the kid looks on the monitor
Local high school had fog around it, results look like something out of a scary movie.
A woman my friend's mom works with took this picture of her daughter wearing her shoes. They were the only people in the house.
Going to jersey
"My mechanic asked ""who else has been under your car lately?"""
I make art with crystallized mummified fetal pigs
Visual Representation of Mental Disorders
I went to the Catacombs when I visited France and I had my friend snap my picture. This was the result- no Photoshop, no effects, no editing, nothing. Just 100% creepy.
A picture I just took while walking in Bavaria
My wife usually draws pretty creepy-cute stuff. The challenge she's doing this month is her creepiest work so far i think...
(OC) Drawing of a creature/person from a recurring bad dream I used to have
Hundreds of Russian children wearing creepy gas masks, Leningrad, 1937
Hyper-realistic wood carving
What the hell is going on here?
Waiting at the wrong bus station.
Rats and toilets...I didn't know it could actually happen! One of my biggest fears as a child.
"""Self-Loathing"" oil and blood on canvas (x-post r/wtf) [NSFW/NSFL]"
I heard you like unicorns..
Shacking up here for the night...
Abandoned operating room
World War I Radiographer
My girlfriend gave me this box as a present, wrapped in the black paper. It is not hands that summon us ...
I keep lots of arachnids as pets and my trapdoor spider forgot to close his trapdoor during a feeding last night. Figured you guys would appreciate a view down the spider hole.
Babadook.
Rolling shutter image distortion
One of the more disturbing face swaps' I've seen..
Old church in Transylvania.
My friend did a panorama shot at a wedding and this is how I came out.
Customised saw blades I found in the crawl space of a house I was working in.
I left this on the baby monitor for my wife to find in the morning.
Last Facebook post of woman murdered on walking trail last night. (story in comments)
This movie was... Creepy
Found this hanging on the wall at my grandmas
If you believe in life after death trespass here...
A creepy piece of art
I did this makeup on myself and asked my friend to take a picture of me; constructive criticism and comments are warmly welcomed!
Tipped the face painter extra to try and give these kids nightmares.
Easter Bunny?
Turning off lights in an old theatre at midnight when I see this shit
Tarantula mother and slings having dinner
"I do this creepy drag, my name is ""Pretty Girl"". I thought yous would appreciate it."
Creepy Dining Room....Anyone for dinner?
Preserved child's head with mouth cut off
Real life rams head mask.
So this was captured on a friend's hunting camera in the middle the night
Austrailian giant earthworm can grow up to 3 meters in length!
Aerial view of Jonestown mass suicide.
Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo Doo
USS America abandoned in the Canary Islands
Deformed skull
